Another win... I couldn't be any luckier if I tried.
I honestly don't see any downside to gambling. I just wish we had a higher betting ceiling.
I've seen men become rich beyond measure here from betting.
Seems fairly easy to win here, just bet on the tougher looking one, simple.
Take my advice, look for very clearly unbalanced fights and bet on the tougher fighter. Free money.
I couldn't tell you how much gold I've lost here. Still going to keep going, yay for gambling addictions!
I was so sure that knight was going to win... oh what a fool I am.
Never gamble what you cannot afford to lose. There is always a chance you will lose.
I lost a fortune here. Used to be a wealthy merchant but I threw it all away...
I've seen some go from immense wealth to poverty here, be careful.
Seen some go from poor to rich to poor again in the space of a few fights, be wise.
Sometimes you see fights end in just one hit. They are both the most amazing and boring fights. On one side, it's awesome to watch the hit, but the downside is it makes for a short fight.
Some of the crowd take it into their own hands when a fight goes on too long or things arent looking so good. I've seen fireballs, arrows and bottles thrown on occasion.
Welcome to the Arena.
I spend a lot more time and gold here than I'd like to admit.
I love watching fights here, it's so thrilling.
Sometimes the weaker foe gets lucky. I've seen it happen.
I've seen champions rise and fall here. They never usually last long.
Once saw a fighter win a tourney and get assassinated right after. Such a shame, he had a promising career.
Wish I owned the Arena. It must make a huge amount of money.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a high entry fee, the lower it is the more people come but the money is the same so why do they need to make it more expensive. I'll tell you why, to punish the poor!
I don't bet like many of these people. I just come to watch the fights, what a marvel.
My son trained to fight in the Arena, killed in his first fight. My legacy ended for that.
Tournaments are quite possibly the most exciting thing ever.
I want to live to see a grand tournament. They are the most amazing experiences, fighters from all over come to duke it out.
Why are we talking? I'm missing a fight right now! I've got to go.
Who's the current grand champion? I forget.
I known a few grand champions have ended up being anointed before. If they do really well or get popular, the crown knights them and makes them a noble.
Some of these fight fans have no respect. I saw a man toss a whole basket full of glass bottles at a fighter he betted against. Of course he had to drink the bottles to get them empty and his aim was off. He ended up killing the fighter he had betted on instead who was ironically both, winning, and the favourite. He was caught by the guards and now has the rest of his days to think about the situation so silver linings I suppose.
Nothing I love more than the sound of the crowd cheering as a fight is about to start.
Over time as the hall of fame becomes filled with real greats you very rarely see a change happen, but when it does it's often a grand old time.
Sometimes champions rise out of no where. A champion you didn't even consider suddenly becomes one of the greats. It happens.
My favourite champion was defeated a while back. It's still a bitter loss.
Commoners tournaments are nice. A bunch of commoners fight for a prize of gold. No nobles, no champions, just some poor folk.
The Arena keeps the people happy.
I've been coming here since I was a child. My father used to bring me to watch the fights.
I've seen some real monsters in the Arena.
The Arena is a place of blood and death.
I don't like to gamble, but I do like to watch the fights.
I'm not a big fan of gambling, but I do like to watch the fights.
I've been to many tourneys, and I've never seen anyone as skilled as the current grand champion.