I'll break your skull and drink the juice within!
I'm gonna eat your fingers!
I'll burp on your corpse!
My sword is named death, and soon you shall meet it!
And so we dance with death!
I'm going to hurt you so much your ancestors are going to feel it!
Bet you never thought you die at my hands today eh?
I'll bury you and then I'll dig your corpse up just so I can bury it again!
Death is a natural part of life, so step forward and DIE KNAVE!
I'll murderize you so much no one will recognise you!
You fight like a child!
Don't start blubbering like a baby when I hit you now!
Are you trying to make me laugh?
The only thing people will remember you for is being killed by me!
How does it feel knowing you're going to die?
It's a shame you have to die, but you do.
You fight like someone who doesn't want to live much longer!
I'll cut you so bad even your family won't recognise you!
When I'm done with you, I'll find your family too!
Can we hurry this up!
Come on you plague ridden flea bag, lets end this!
I can't wait to slay you!
Come on bog breath, show me what you got!
If you're as bad at fighting as you are ugly, I've got this in the bag.
Come at me knave!
You look like a pile of troll dung, come on and fight me, troll dung!
Come on crybaby, lets put and end to you!
YOU GO STAB NOW!
YOU GO BYE NOW!
COME ON, HURRY UP AND GET STABBED BY ME!
I am going to hurt you, badly.
You knave, come here and die!
It's ok, it's ok, I won't hurt you, I won't hurt you, HYAAAH!
What's that over there?
You should just kneel down and let me kill you, get this over with quicker.
Prepare for death!
You are a foul cretin!
You are unworthy of death, but you'll get it!
This is going to hurt, trust me!
Enjoy these breaths you're taking, they'll be your last!
Come on you can do better than that
I've eaten weaklings like you for breakfast
Boo
You fight like an Ooooh Snake
You fight like a child
You fight like a goblin
Come on Ogre's arse show me what you've got
I'll kill you, just wait
How does it feel to know you're moments from death
Say your goodbyes because I'm going to kill you
Yaaaaaaargh!
I'll get you!
You hit like a fart in the wind
Come on, show me what you've got
Come on you wimp!
Are you going to fight me or what?
You should have chosen a different proffesion
Come on you coward, fight me!
Come and face death!
Taste my steel you foul cretin!
You make me laugh, coward!
I'll shave your head off your neck
You're about to find out what a blade tastes like
When you meet death, tell him hello from me
These people came to watch one of us die, and it's going to be you!
I'll cut you, come here!
Come on you scoundrel!
I'll have you, come here!
Don't cry now!
Fight me or die!
Lets make this quick, die!
This is going to be extreme overkill when I'm done!
This is going to be overkill when I'm done with you!
For the glory of the Arena!
I shall not be struck down so easily!
Nowhere to run here, lets fight!
Raaaaaaaaargh!
Death or glory!
Prepare to die!
One of us will die today and it won't be me
You fight like a dairy farmer!
You fight like a cow!
I shall feed your eyes to the birds!
Tonight urchins will feast on your disemboweled guts
I was hoping you'd put up a fight
I will milk every drop of blood from your body!
Come on, you're too slow!
I will drink from your skull!
I've fought crabs stronger than you!
I'll slice out your guts!
I'll eat your spleen!
Death is coming for one of us!
Death is the only way for you!
For honour!
For glory!
I will bleed you like a pig!
Is this all you've got you coward?
Why won't you die!
You never should have come here!
Your blood will be the price of my glory!
Die with honour!
I'll kill you!
I'm going to cut you up so bad no one will recognise you!
I'll stab the life out of you!
I'll end your miserable life!
I expected more from you, come on!
Do you want to die?
I'll send you to the graveyard you fool!
Lets see how pretty your corpse will be!
You fight like a sloth!
You fight like a snail!
You fight like an earthworm!
Your fighting is as pathetic as your face!
Come on you big lummox, show me what you've got!
I'll make sure your death is as painful as possible!
Lets get this over with quickly!
Your death will be quick, but not painless!
I'll make your death slow and painful!
You're going to wish you were never born when I'm done with you!
Death is too good for you, but it's all you're going to get!
I'll kill you now!
Time to die!
This is the end for you!
I'll kill you when I'm ready, not before!
Don't fight back, it will only make it worse!
You're going to die today!
I'll enjoy watching you die!
Enjoy your last moments alive!
You're going to die screaming like a little girl!
You will perish by my hand!
Your time has come to an end!
I'm going to smash your head in!
You're going to be begging for death in a minute!
I'm going to enjoy killing you!
Come on then, let's get this over with!
I have no reason to harm such a fragile thing!
Must I fight this child?
You're going to be a stain on the ground!