I'm just here to try and make a living, there's not much else to do in Farrad, but there's got to be work for me here
I've come here to sell some old pots I have, they must be worth something
I have come all the way from the North to sell my father's antique sword... it's a little rusty but I'm optimistic
I came here out of curiosity, I want to see all those magical items I heard stories about
I came here to join an adventurer outfit, I'd like to get in on some questing and find myself an artifact to sell... that's how I'll get rich
I came here to become an apprentice mage, seemed like a good enough place to start
I came here to drink and have fun, nothing else to do in Farrad
The most powerful thing you can buy here, that would probably be the plague box, they say it would end the world if opened, kind of worries me that it's for sale
I wonder what you see when you look through that golden telescope they're selling at Artifacts of the Sands
Apparently that Friend of the Fearful orb was made by a wizard to ease the hostilities of xenophobic tribes he met in his travels, not sure what good it would be for me
Imagine if that Fragment of the stone of Denland was just a random rock from the ground, who would know, who would care, would be hilarious though
I don't think that Fragment of the stone of Denland actually has any magical properties
Can you believe they found an old tome from some ancient dictator, 101 Cruel ways to rule it was called... I don't know what's worse, that someone wrote it or that now people are looking to buy the damned thing
That shop that sells demonic stuff, Mystical Wares... Wouldn't catch me dead near demon artifacts
The horn of demons is a useless artifact, apparently if you blow it, 100 years later an army of demons will come to your aide... well I'm sorry but I don't think I can give 100 years notice whenever I'm in trouble... what a useless piece of junk that is... and they want eighty thousand gold for it too! crazy
That Demon Shield is the best artifact I've seen, if you hold it, demons will not touch you or those who follow you... when the demons come to play, you'll bet I'll be following whoever has that shield
That staff of Dumble looks similar to the Silver Staff at the Silver Staff tavern, but the Dumble staff is made of copper or something like that
The Dumble staff is useless unless you've got the blood of the house of Dumble running through your veins
Hear about that map of the ancient lands... I reckon it's fiction... never heard of no ancient lands
You'll never catch me near the Mage Quarter, mages are strange folk, not to be trusted
Heard a lot of talk about that half ruined shop in the second trade district, no one who knows what happened seems to be talking, very strange indeed
Have you seen that elf in the Silver Staff Tavern. I've never seen a face like that, scary
I wish I had enough money to buy some of these artifacts, they are so expensive it's unreal
I don't know who could afford any of those artifacts, far too pricy
That elf in the silver staff tavern freaks me out... seen his face? it's very odd
Nugmeek the bartender over at the Silver Staff is a lovely fellow, all those people talking about his face like he's a monster obviously haven't spoken to him
Not much going on here in Farrad... here is the only place to be
That plague box, if some rich monster buys it the world is doomed
No one knows who rules the market, it's a mystery
ARTIFACTS OF THE SANDS! THE BEST ARTIFACTS IN THE MARKET, CHECK IT OUT NOW
I wish I owned a powerful artifact, instead I just shovel horse dung
I will have an artifact one day, I can feel it in my bones
This place gives me the creeps, too many powerful people fighting over more powerful items, I'm a simple man, I don't want to get turned to dust by a lamp or sent to hell by a strange shoe
Is this market even real? Think about it, what if there's some artifact that makes people think there's a market here but it's a big mirage, wait, are you real?
A strange place this market, only because he who walks here is strange
The market is a place of power, be careful what you wish for
The market is a dangerous place, be careful what you buy
I find it amusing that people come to the market to buy things that could potentially kill them
I heard that the owner of the market is a dragon, or maybe an artifact, no one knows for sure
The market is a place of mystery, be careful what you buy
I'm just a simple man, I don't need any of these fancy artifacts, I just want to get by in life