Welcome to the City of Blood
Blood flows here like water, drink all you want
I remember the last time we had to ration blood, there was hell to pay
I have never in my life seen a stranger here, you are a special one
One day I will go to the surface, I'd love to eat them free range
This place is a secret so keep quiet about it, okay!
Good recipe, get a fresh pint of blood and garnish it with sprinkles of crushed dried blood. It's a drink to die for... well someone did... hahahaha
The Shadow Council are so powerful, I wonder if drinking one of the original vampires blood would make me stronger
Had a run in with some of the Nemak guards the other day. Tore one of their throats out at least
The Nemak are strong warriors, only matched by the Thundil
Saw a Nemak and Thundil guard fight the other night. They fought for an hour, there was barely anything left of them when they were done. Remind me never to mess with one
Do not cross a Nemak. They will fight you until you are dead, or they are
I don't care which party rules us to be honest. Who cares, we all have to live here
That moment when the blood pours out the neck of a headless slave, I could do it a thousand times and not get bored
I saw a Thundil split a slave in half once for fun. He squirmed for a few seconds
Saw a pack of slaves somehow end up in the upper district once. They were caught and had their fingers and toes ripped off and pinned to their faces, it was quite funny to see
Blegh, can't drink much more of this cursed slaveblood
Ugh, this slaveblood is foul
One day we'll roam free, and enslave the world above us
The world is full of thralls for the taking. Don't know why we all don't leave
I don't like the Damar, too quiet for my liking. They have bigger plans no doubt, but they are smart
I think the Damar like people to think them smarter than they really are. They never seem to make any moves, so it is assumed they are making them in the background, maybe they are just bad
Ever tried to outdrink a Dengeir? They can drink their own weight in blood
Saw a Dengeir eat his own eyeball once, they are disgusting
Lemour, they believe themselves to be respected
You, what are you supposed to be?
So they lettin' freshbloods in now? You don't look like one of us
Mmm, come closer, I can smell your blood
Careful you don't fall on my fangs, freshblood
Hear about the experiments in the black tower? Hilarious
This is no place for conversation...
They talk of banning us from leaving Baiaa, worried about the threats of wild vampires in the world
Do we scare you? Hehehe
I swear if we go through another ration again I'll kill someone
The Council say we can't attack you as a special visitor, but my instinct is to split your neck
I want to go wild at some point, much fresher meat that way
Wild vampires are traitors by going wild they expose us to the world. We are fine here, we survive because we are here in Baiaa
Baiaa is under threat when vampires go wild
I think Nasarak is the one who really pulls the strings. They are too secretive, the other clans would have toppled them by now out of fear of what they are hiding
Last man who stared at me got a steak through the heart
One day I reckon the clans will rise against the Thundil... walking around all special like no one can touch them. I'd love to stick it to one of them
I have this urge to drink your blood, but I won't as you are a special guest.
The Council have been talking about war with the surface for years, but nothing has come of it... I think they are just posturing
The Council are the only ones who know the true extent of our power. The rest of us are just pawns in their game
I can't stand the thought of drinking slave blood, it's so foul
I wouldn't mind trying some of that surface blood, I bet it's delicious