0.I would fight but I erm... I've got a headache.
0.I would fight but I erm... I have to go home...
0.I could fight but I don't want to.
0.These people are scary... you'd never catch me fighting.
0.I would hate to be facing down an army of pit fighters that's for sure.
0.Oh gods, the violence, it feels good to be alive.
0.At least all this violence is contained.
0.Once saw a famed champion, a brutal one, known for his spiked knuckles, he had punched several people to death in his time and each seemed more gory than the last, one day a slap fighter stepped up and slapped him to death, it was the most incredible sight, sure he took a fair few blows he probably wouldn't recover from, but he slapped the champion unconscious, never seen anything like it.
0.Ever seen a slapper fight in here, it's too funny.
0.I once watched one of the meanest champions this pit has ever seen get slapped to death, this place always surprises you.
0.I play a game sometimes here, it's called find the northern brawler who's got a straight nose, it's impossible.
0.Ah yes, the northern brawler is a fine creature, a beast of stamina and raw barbaric strength, good that they release it here and not elsewhere.
0.That last fight... wow... what a fight, am I right?
0.Saw a man try and slap fight with a spike-knuckle fighter, it's like watching a rabbit go toe to toe with a wolf, vicious stuff.
0.It's sad watching people get beaten so badly, I prefer close fair fights.
0.I've seen men die in here, it's not as uncommon as you might think.
0.When things get heated up in the pit, people die, lots of them, I've seen some brutal fights before.
0.Saw a man punched to death just yesterday, you almost feel guilty for watching.
0.Every action has a reaction, these fighters will pay for this pain they inflict on themselves when they age.
0.I never bet, I'm just here for entertainment.
0.Come here every week with my son, it's a good bit of entertainment and a nice break.
0.I wish I wasn't a coward and could fight in the pits, but my brain tells me it's stupid.
0.I fight in pit once, now head hurt all time, and no think so good much now.
0.The number of legends who have risen and fallen here is unimaginable.
0.Cowards fight with spike knuckles.
0.Saw a man slap his way to number one once, a very entertaining sight.
0.I have made a good bit of gold here, you can too, if you know what to look for.
0.Always bet on a fighter with spiked knuckles, he's got a weapon, it bends the odds.
0.This pit is a money pit, seen so many people throw it away here.
0.Don't gamble if you can't afford to lose it, it's a stupid thing to do.
0.Watching these fights almost reminds me of my days on the battlefield, the blood and gore, just missing some guts.
0.Seen an eyeball dislodge once, that was an interesting day.
0.Spike knuckle fighters are cowards in my opinion.
0.I have no idea why anyone would happily go up against a spike knuckle fighter.
0.Most of the people in this pit are stupid the things they do for gold.
0.The pit is a popular place for northerners.
0.I've lost so much money in this pit, it's like a pit of lost money.
0.I've lost a lot of money here, if my wife finds out I'd get a bigger beating than any man here.
0.I've made so much money in this pit, I can almost afford to buy the place.
0.I've made a decent amount of money here, it's a nice extra but I'd be a liar if I said I came here for any other reason than to see the gore and violence, nothing gets my blood pumping more than seeing other people's blood.
0.Be careful with gambling here, there's lots at stake sometimes.
0.I wouldn't fight in the pits if someone paid me 1000 gold, you see the beatings some of these men take, not worth it at all.
0.You'd look at me weird if I told you why I come here but I find it relaxing.
0.I caught a tooth once midair, what a magical place this is.
0.I'm training to be a pit fighter, watching the fights is like research for me, this is my school.
0.I've been practicing for a while, soon I'll be a pit fighter like them.
0.I've trained long enough, keep an eye out stranger, you'll see me here before long, beating other men senseless.
0.I'll be a pit fighter soon, you'll see.
0.One day I'll be up there with the best of them, I'll beat them to death.
0.Some of the stuff I've seen here is more extreme than the battlefields I've fought on.
0.I saw someone's eye get dislocated from its socket once.
0.I saw a man choke to death on his own blood once.
0.Never a dull moment in the pits.
0.Such a blood thirsty place this is.
0.There are 5 titles that can be won in the pit, bet you didn't know that.
0.It's a shame, some of these champions do so well but after enough fights their injuries end their careers far more than any one opponent.
1.I used to be a brawler, my bones have grown too old to be punished like this and each day I pay for my career choice.
1.I used to be a brawler, but then I took an elbow to the jaw.
1.I've dabbled in brawling myself, used to be well known here, but now it's the retired life for me.
1.The Brawl Pit, the most prestigious place in the north.
1.I hate when people try and tell me that the Fighter's Pit in the Blackmarket is better than here... I mean come on.
1.The Brawl Pit is the number one fighting establishment in the North. Way better than the shoddy Fighter's Pit.
1.I love the Brawl Pit, no place I'd rather be.
1.The Brawl Pit's fighting traditions go back a long way, the bloody Blackmarket lot are just trying to get rich on our backs with their new Fighter's Pit.
1.I checked out that Fighter's Pit in the Blackmarket, it's an interesting place but I still prefer it here.
1.I'll burn that Blackmarket pit down, they reckon they're competition for us, hah!
1.The Brawl Pit is a very old establishment, a relic of the north.
1.Welcome to the Brawl Pit.
1.How do you like the Brawl Pit?
1.I haven't seen you around the Brawl Pit before.
2.Always dreamed of becoming a pit fighter, I did one fight and got royally beaten, now two years on I still don't have feeling in the left half of my face.
2.The Fighter's Pit is much newer than the Brawler's Pit a bit further north, but I think in time this place will grow to become dominant.
2.The Fighter's Pit is much better than the Brawler's Pit, it's right here in town, no need to wander out to the savage wilderness.
2.The Fighter's Pit is the best place for watching fights.
2.The Fighter's Pit may be new but it's got a much better location and a whole district surrounding it, even its own local tavern. What's the Brawl Pit got?
2.If I see another one of those Brawl Pit Purists I'm going to knock them out.
2.The Brawl Pit further north of here is worth checking out too if you're into Pit fighting, it's the oldest Pit fighting location in the North and they have their own champion.
2.Welcome to the Fighter's Pit.
2.How do you like the Fighter's Pit.
2.Before this place was built the only fights you'd find here would be in taverns and between folk trying to take over the market citadel.
2.Best place in all the Blackmarket.
2.I never liked living in the Blackmarket but now they've built this district, I'm happy.
2.Fighter's Pit, what a place to spend a few hours.
3.The Brawl Pit once again proves it's superiority.
3.Did you watch the Fight of the Two Champions? Brawl Pit wins again, when will they learn.
3.I wonder if the Blackmarket lot will ever get tired of losing... who knows.
3.We won! the Brawl Pit wins again!
3.I knew the Brawl Pit would win, we almost always do.
3.There's nothing sweeter than seeing the Blackmarket Fighter's Pit fans lose.
3.The Brawl Pit has always been the better side, but we still feel like underdogs sometimes, the Blackmarket is a huge settlement in the north, the Brawl Pit is a small establishment that could easily fit inside one of the Blackmarket's seemingly endless districts, yet almost every time, when the best of both pit's square off, it seems as though the mighty Brawl Pit reigns supreme, I am proud to have followed this place.
3.True brawlers support the Brawl Pit through thick and thin, but it's easy to support them when we keep smashing the Blackmarket Fight Pit Champions up.
3.One day the Blackmarket lot are going to stop trying...
3.It was a good fight... but as always the Blackmarket loses hahahahaha.
4.That's what it's all about, Blackmarket showing who's boss!
4.Let that shut those Brawl Pit dogs up! Did you see that? We are the best!
4.You should have seen their faces... the Brawl Pit will win this one... good joke guys hahahaha.
4.And once again the Market proves it's superiority.
4.They hold their noses up to us, but the Fighter's Pit always comes out swinging.
4.They think they're better than us because they were there first, well what do they say now? huh? we won!
4.Hahahaha, the Brawl Pit lost, you can hear all of their excuses... oh this is great.
4.I will never forget this moment, the moment the smug Brawl Pit crowd saw their magnificent champion get the blood kicked out of him by our number one.
4.Blackmarket wins again! woohoo.
4.I'm so happy with the result, Blackmarket dominated today, that'll show them.
5.Those Blackmarket bastards win again... curse the lot of them.
5.Well I guess the better side won... I just wish that side was us.
5.How the hell did they pull that off, I hate the Blackmarket sometimes.
5.I can't believe those Blackmarket dogs actually won...
5.I need a drink... I can't believe we lost... Fighter's Pit scum.
5.I reckon they cheated... Blackmarket lot always cheat.
5.We lost... I need to go home.
5.Those Blackmarket scumbags will never let us live this down... I just know it.
5.I can't believe we lost... and to them... it makes me sick.
5.So the Blackmarket champion won this Battle, wait until next time, we'll show them.
5.They think it's over, but we'll get them, the Brawl Pit is the superior, just not today.
5.Let the Blackmarketeer's have their little win today, we'll be back for it soon enough.
5.Well they've gotta win some time I guess.
6.How could we lose, how... I will be asking myself this for weeks.
6.I had a lot riding on us beating those Brawl Pit scum... damn them.
6.Oh no, I bet a cows weight in gold on that damned fight... Damn Brawl Pit.
6.We'll never hear the end of it. Those snooty Brawl Pit fans won't shut up.
6.I had a lot riding on this fight, curse the Brawl Pit.
6.This is terrible... why do I always get my hopes up.
6.Ah well, three years time we'll get our revenge.
6.Another three year wait then... wonderful.
6.Ugh... we lost... this is troubling.
6.So what, we lost, we'll get them next time.
6.Oh god, whenever the Brawl Pit win they get slightly more smug for the rest of eternity.
6.Oh no, the Brawl Pit won...
6.I can't believe it, we lost...
6.I thought we had it this time, damn the Brawl Pit.
6.Well the best man won... this time, the Fighter's Pit will spit out someone better for the next fight, I just know it.
6.I reckon they cheated, the Brawl Pitter's can't take real competition.
6.WE LOST... I swear I'll slay the next Brawl Pit fan I see.
6.Oh no... the Brawl Pit won... we'll never hear the end of this.
7.I don't miss the Blackmarket, their fighting pit tried to compete and failed, we're better off.
7.While the north might be a little emptier, the fighting space hasn't changed, the Fighter's Pit added nothing to the sport, I'm almost glad the Blackmarket is gone.
7.Did you hear the Blackmarket is gone. Those swine thought they were the best in the North. Well, we're still fighting.
7.It's a shame the Blackmarket is gone, I miss laughing and celebrating everytime we beat them.
7.It's no fun without competition, but the Blackmarket wasn't a worthy foe and never would have been.
7.It's a shame that the Blackmarket are gone.
7.All these people are happy the Blackmarket is gone, I liked the place and they were good competition, it was a fairly even game, yes we were a bit better but it kept our champions on their toes.
7.I feel like without the Blackmarket in competition with us our champions are going to get fat and lazy.
7.Hahahaha, the Blackmarket has been destroyed... hahahahaha.
7.So the Blackmarket is gone, what a shame... hahahahaha.
8.It's actually a shame that the Brawl Pit is gone? It's good to have competition.
8.It's a shame that the Brawl Pit is gone. I missed seeing them lose every competition with us, hahaha.
8.Things do feel a little stale with the Brawl Pit gone.
8.I'm glad the Brawl Pit is gone.
8.Who cares if the Brawl Pit is gone? We're better off without them.
8.Well the Brawl Pit is gone, now there's just us, should be interesting.
8.So the snobby Brawl Pit has been destroyed, what a shame... not.
8.I'm glad the Brawl Pit is gone, our fighting scene is much better here, we have far more people and bigger crowds.
8.I guess the Brawl Pit didn't want to lose to us anymore... hahahaha.
8.So the Brawl Pit is gone, who cares.