Hail and well met, staying safe I hope.
Should have seen the state of things before Nerrad took over as commander, it was a mess.
You know what before Nerrad became commander I didn't see a problem with how things were, but now I see how much better compassion is.
Caught a little nipped trying to slap the goblin for free in the market district, blighter.
Not much trouble in the folk district luckily, the odd murder. The worst is when someone makes the bad choice to hurt a cat in the cat tavern, she'll never let you get away with that.
It's funny isn't it, not a lot of crime here but we're all based in the nobles district while being told we are to protect everyone.
Sorry I've had a hell of a patrol, I'm going for a sit down.
Just had to break up a fight outside of the brawl hole, why people decide to do it outside of there I don't know like just go to the damn place where we allow it!
I Need a new song to sing on patrol.
Can't wait to take the uniform off and go for a pint.
I sometimes extend my patrol to the Cat Tavern just so I can go and pet mittens.
Sometimes in a peaceful place like this being a guard is actually quite boring, just getting paid to walk around.
Another calm and restful day.
Greetings, stay safe friend.
Another day, another sword confiscated from the brawl hole.
Sometimes I stand guard near the brawl hole to make sure it doesn't get out of hand.
Never try to outdrink Nerrad, never.
You know what, I've never actually seen Nerrad in a fight. I think everyone here knows better than to try.
The Darkdale guard will always keep order.
I think to myself sometimes, it is we with the swords in our hands that have the power truly. Not some kind, could we not turn our swords on them and exact our own policy?
There was a time when someone was smearing poop on the guard post walls, we couldn't believe it when we caught them.
Nerrad's the best commander I've ever had.
I sometimes wonder if we're the bad guys.
I like searching people, you never know what you'll find.
Found an old man with a sharp scimitar hidden in his tunic today, the nerve of some people.
I am a guard of Darkdale and it is my duty to maintain the peace and order in this city.
I swear, the only reason I joined the guard was so I could drink on the job.
Don't mind me, just on patrol.