A new challenger approaches!
I want to see more fights, it's been quiet lately.
I am the new challenger!
I killed a man today.
Some of these new challengers are tough and seem to be here to stay. I think they'll be a great addition to the Dunelands!
I wish I had the balls to challenge the Dunelord...
Here strength is king, literally.
Fighting for your position in society is good unless you're a weakling.
Still healing from my last fight but you've always got to be ready.
Never let your guard down, that's a good lesson in life.
A few gate guards have been beaten up lately, but that is the barrier of entry to be able to come here.
Not a single person in these walls is a true weakling, all had to fight into here.
The Hobblin' Goblin is my favourite tavern in the world, what a name!
I have the utmost respect for the strength of anyone who becomes the Dunelord.
Gork Gorkvar's name gets mocked sometimes, but his house was incredibly powerul in an old orcish kingdom.
I used to be an adventurer, then I decided fuck it I want to fight all day.
I like to fight, but I don't know if I can stay here forever.
This place is one big fight party.
One day I will be the Dunelord!.
Praise to the Dunelanders, Lord's of the Dunelands!.
I've seen a few travellers killed by gate guardians over the last few weeks.
Always sad when a gate guardian gets killed, but they are warriors in their role.
Treasure fighting can be fun, won a fortune when I used to do it.
Treasure fighting is my favourite to watch, men push much further with stakes like that.
Die over some treasure, sign me up.
Some men in here have grown soft, they fought to get in but don't seek to move up, learned cowardice I'd say.
I'll fight again tomorrow, I can't wait.
I killed a man today, let that be a lesson to you all!
I killed a man today... It weighs heavy on me.
Fight fight fight fight fight fight!
[The man stares at you mute, and then you notice a blade mark near his throat]
Dare you challenge the Dunelord?
I have seen few ever make it to the Dunelord, the door guardian is powerful.
These dunes are ours!
The smell of blood is in the air here, *sniff sniff*, smells like iron.