A lot of people hate us, so we hate them too, but orcs have feelings you know.
You're not an orc? Never had a conversation with a non orc before.
You smell terrible... what are you?
I know you shouldn't be superficial but... non orcs are so ugly.
WHAT? Never seen an orc before?
What are you looking at, freak?
I don't like softskins.
I dont like non greens like you.
It's been too long since we've raided the village of Rihhm, are they still around?
One of the other orcs has been rattling his jaw spreading rumours about me... if I catch him I'll cut him a second mouth.
We need to go on another raid, the orcs are getting restless.
The only place we haven't raided around Farrad is that Artifact Market, damned magic users ruining our fun.
I wish we could raid that Artifact Market, I dream of a day where something happens and all the wizards leave. If it was just normal people we would have a field day. I can picture it now, we would rule over the market within a day.
Ever seen a peasant's head split open with an axe? It's a fun sight.
I'm going to go and find an orc to fight.
Grunting is an orc passtime.
I love the sound a skull makes when it gets hit with an axe.
Is it weird that I like the smell of blood... mmm blood.
What do you want, you dirty meatbag?
I hate non-orcs so much it makes me want to puke.
One day orcs will rule over all these lands.
Bet I can grunt louder than you.
Galbak is apparently so ugly his mother threw him from a cliff when he was born but he somehow survived.
Galbak had one friend, a blind orc hahahaha.
I caught a glimpse of Galbak's shadow once, horrible thing.
What are you looking at, meatbag?
Gorthmek will not fall to any army. No one can test the orcs.
No one grunts louder than me.
I am going to grunting kill every human.
Grunting... the art of orcs.
WHAT!
Don't look at me.
Never seen an orc before, fleshy?
Meatskin... you better stop looking at me.
Yurik has led us to this damned desert.
Yurik the Oppressor, despite his name is not a mean leader to those beneath him.
Someone challenged Yurik to a brawl once many moons ago. Yurik ripped his arm off and beat him to death with it.
There are few as brutal as Yurik the Oppressor.
I know we are stuck in this worthless desert, but I am glad I followed Yurik. I would follow him to ends of this land.
Talk bad about Yurik the Oppressor and I'll slice your throat.
We came from the orcish homelands, far far away from here. We were part of a large kingdom in a bitter war with another weaker one. The weak kingdom had managed to bribe its way into our royalty and manipulated our royal council to end the war. We were winning but soon after our council began making strange descisions, giving up land and handing over forts to our weaker ex-enemy. Collusion was obvious to all. Yurik was a warchief and had his own small army. Most of the Warchiefs came home from the front and did what they were told, but Yurik refused. He continued fighting the enemy and raised a large orcish contingent of people angry with the corruption. Yurik's rebellion saw the destruction of the enemy capital. Moments later, he was declared an open rebel against the council and unwilling to fight his own kin, Yurik and his remaining army cut their way out of the lands and stole a large fleet of ships sailing for far away. Here we are, here in exile.
I miss the homelands, but they were corrupt, unpure.
I wish we had stayed in the homelands and fought til the end. We could have done it.
Yurik the Oppressor was many things back home, once a warchief, then a rebel, now an exile, some say bandit. I have seen him truly, he is a hero to us.
Gorthmek is as close to the fortresses we used to have back home as I can imagine.
Gorthmek was built in a style you lot have never seen before, old orcish style.
What do you think about the fort, impressive eh?
You know what I love about non-orcs, they usually taste better...
Another raid, another raid, ANOTHER RAID!
Gorthmek will stand forever!
WE COME, WE KILL, WE DESTROY!
Come on meatboy, attack our fort, I dare you.
I bet the gods tremble when they see Gorthmek.
GORTHMEK GORTHMEK GORTHMEK!
ME NO SPEAK WELL BUT ME KILL WELL!
Long live Fort Gorthmek.
Nothing will stop us here, the walls of Gorthmek are stronger than anything.
We should kill everything in this damned desert until the sand is red.
Sand... Sand everywhere... this is no place for an orc.
I hate this desert.
This desert is a bad place to be based I think, I would much rather be somewhere where there are lots of people to fight.
Not enough going on in this desert. It's connected to the land but it feels like a desert island.
I can't stand non orcs, they're just so ugly.
You're not an orc, go away.
Yurik is a great leader, and will one day lead us back to our rightful place.
Grunting is the best part of being an orc.
You smell like a human, go take a bath in the sea.
You smell like a non-orc, go take a bath in the sea.
Why are we even here in this desert?
The only thing I like about this desert is the sound the sand makes when you walk on it.