2.1.You know what I hate, when people make jokes about my mother, she's the finest looking troll I've ever seen!
2.1.Why are adventurers so bad at math? ...Because they're always subtracting from their hit points!
2.1.Why did the adventurer cross the path? ...To get to the other side!
2.1.A group of adventurers find a lamp, when they rub it a genie appears and grants them each one wish, the first adventurer says "I wish I was rich", so the genie makes him a king, the second adventurer says "I wish I was richer than him", so the genie makes him an emperor, the third adventurer says "I wish I was richer than both of them", so the genie makes him a god. The fourth adventurer, who is a goblin, says "I wish those three guys were dead".
2.1.Why are dwarves so bad at riddles? Because they're always stumped!
2.1.Why are ghosts such bad liars? Because they are easy to see through.
2.1.How long to witches ride broomsticks for on cold nights? ...Just a short spell.
2.1.What do you call a bee with a spell on him? ...Bee-witched.
2.1.What kinds of wizards have their eyes closest together? ...The Smallest ones!
2.1.Which wizard wears the biggest hat? ...The one with the biggest head.
2.1.Two Dwarves walk into a bar, and well... that's it
2.1.What do you call a goblin that can't walk straight? ...A hobblegoblin
2.1.Did you hear about the baker that got rich? They say he has a lot of dough!
2.1.What do you call a sober Northman? I don't know, I've never met one!
2.1.What do you call a goblin stuck in a hedge? Russel
2.1.What did the monkey say to the banana? Nothing, monkeys can't talk.
2.1.Why didn't the dwarf take the final slice of the Cake of the Moon Goddess? He didn't want to be elvish
2.1.What do you call someone who encourages slavery, steals from the townsfolk, and ought to be driven from these lands by force? "King"
2.1.What do you call someone who can't take jokes and has jesters executed for doing their jobs? "The King"
2.1.It is bad to be dwarfed by an axe, but worse to be axed by a dwarf.
2.1.Did you heard about arsonist in the elven woods, the rumour has spread like wildfire.
2.1.I like watching witch trials, the ladies performing are always on fire!
2.1.Did you hear about the girl with the flag that got kicked out of the tavern? They call her Miss Ban'er.
2.1.What is the unluckiest job in the whole world? The gravekeeper! He's even at work when he's dead.
2.1.Three elves walk into a bar. You'd think at least the THIRD one would have seen it!
2.1.Why did all the squires go to bed? It was Knight time.
2.1.What do you call a knight that slithers and has scales? Sir Pent.
2.1.What do people living on the coast and knights with low standards have in common? Both like going for a serf.
2.1.Have you met the new knight who specializes in one on one horse combat? His name is Lance.
2.1.A manticore tried to fight some knights but it got impaled. Now its Mantigored!
2.1.What do you call a town of pretentious fairies? A kingdom of Elves!
2.1.Why did the arena champion become poor? He killed all of his competition!
2.1.A gnome became an arena champion, all records say that he dwarfed his competitors.
2.1.There was once a knight that claimed he had traveled the whole world, Sir cumnavigate I belive was his name.
2.1.I once visited a seer and robbed him of his powers, I poked his eyes out!
2.1.I heard that a peasant was trampled by a score of bulls yesterday, the guards said there was very thin evidence on the ground.
2.1.Where does a bards most prized possessions lie? In his stacks of lute!
2.1.How do you know if the gallows are level? The drool comes out of both sides of the hangman's mouth!
2.1.A thief, a fool, and a goblin walk into a bar. He orders a drink.
2.1.Roses are red, my name is lester, well it isn't really, but I'm a terrible jester.
2.1.What do you call an ugly goblin? Whatever you like, what's he going to do about it!
2.1.I would never make a joke about your mother! She's the finest looking troll I've ever seen!
2.1.How do you confuse a dwarf? Give him two axes and tell him to take his pick!
2.1.How do you confuse a bard? Give him two lutes and tell him to take his pick!
2.1.What do you call a goblin trying to swim? Bob
2.1.A knight, a scholar, and a witch walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of a joke?"
2.1.What do you call a goblin with a thief-catching tripwire... a fool, no one wants crappy goblin loot
2.1.What is it called when a chameleon cannot change its skin colour anymore... A reptile dysfunction
2.1.What kind of bread do dwarves make... shortbread of course
2.1.I hear the goblins like to touch each others ears, ha ha ha
2.1.One illusionist tells another, If wisdom is what you seek, I can fake it
2.1.What has six heads and puts out fires, a Hydra-nt
2.1.Why didn't I bet on the arena's champion, Grelod the Mutilated? He was unarmed... and therefore 'armless
2.1.When is a plank of wood a king? When it's a ruler!
2.1.What do you call a knight that always says yes? ...Sir Tanley
2.1.What do you call a knight that's up to no good? ...Sir Spicious
2.1.What do you call a fat knight? ...Sir Cumference
2.1.What do you call a knight who enjoys meat? ...Sir Loin
2.1.What did the Adventurer say to the Cursed Turnip man? ...Begone foul beet!
2.1.A good joke, a northmans ancestral tree... it's a straight line
2.1.What do you get when you cross a hound with a clock, A watch dog...
2.1.It is true that northerners sleep with their horses, if you've seen a northern woman you'll know why
2.1.Southerners are all demon worshippers, not much else to do down there in the south but make sandcastles
2.1.People who touch the doomstone enough times get exactly what they deserve
2.1.The Ancients were said to be the greatest civilisations to have ever been, and yet they are dead, good job ancients
2.1.Halflings are living proof that the gods have a sense of humor
2.1.What's the difference between a goblin and the king... about two inches
2.1.An elf and a man walk into a bar, the dwarf walks under it
2.1.What's the best place to hit a holy man... in the temple
2.1.What do you call a goblin with an injured leg... a hobblin' goblin
2.1.What's the first thing an elf learns in school... the elf-abet
2.1.Why was the elf sad... he had low elf-esteem
2.1.What do you call an average looking ogre?... Mediogre
2.2.Two knights were in a ferocious battle when one of them had both his feet cut off in a swift slash... He was De-Feeted.
2.1.Why do demons and ghouls hang out together... Because demons are a ghouls best friend
2.1.Why do witches wear nametags?... to know which witch is which
2.3.A knight passes a peasant walking down a bridge humming 'twenty-six twenty-six twenty-six', the Knight turns to the peasant and says 'You there, what are you muttering on about?' the peasant calmly replies 'My lord, look under the bridge and see', the knight bends over the bridge to look down, just as the peasant kicks him into the river where he is swept off by the current, the peasant then continues humming 'Twenty-seven, twenty-seven, twenty seven'
2.3.Two dragons walk into a tavern, one says 'it's hot in here'... the other says 'shut your mouth'
2.2.How do you get rid of a fat demon... you exorcise him
2.2.What kind of jokes would a sad elf tell... elf-depreciating jokes
2.1.What do you call a vampire goblin... a hemogoblin
2.1.What kind of street do ghosts, ghouls and goblins live on... a dead end
2.1.Why was there no food left at the party... because everyone was a'goblin
2.1.Did you hear about the wizard who was arrested for drunk driving? He had his license evoked.
2.1.What has two legs and bleeds? Half a goblin.
2.1.What do you call a knight in a village full of cannibals? ...Canned food!
2.1.What do you call a ghost jester? Dead Funny
2.2.What kind of ghost has the best hearing? The eeriest!
2.1.When do ghosts eat breakfast? in the moaning
2.2.Why are ghosts bad at telling lies? You can see right through them
2.1.What should you say when you greet a ghost? How do you boo
2.1.What's a ghosts favourite tree? the Ceme-tree
2.2.What happened to the bad wizard in wizard school? he was ex-spelled
2.1.Who did the necromancer marry? His longtime ghoul-friend
2.3.What kind of tests do they do at wizard school? Hex-aminations
2.3.What do they teach at wizard school? Spelling
2.1.What happened when the wizard met the witch? It was love at first fright
2.4.What kind of goblin can jump higher than a mountain? All of them, mountains can't jump
2.1.Why do assassins like leather armour? because it's made of hide
2.1.How many halflings does it take to set up a lantern light? None, they do their thieving in the dark.
2.2.Dwarves will mine anything, I saw one mining frozen shit on a mountain in the north before
2.2.A Northerner told me a thought crossed his mind once, It must have been a long and lonely journey
2.2.why do dragons sleep all day, so they can fight knights
2.2.Did you hear about the wizard who got trapped in one of his own spellbooks, he became... Entomed!
2.2.I Researched your entire family tree, it seems you were a sap
2.2.How do you escape from a halfling? Step on a chair.
2.2.When sire asks me for a joke I shrug - I am the court gesture after all!
2.2.A zombie shambles into a bar, the bartender says 'First time I've seen a zombie in here, there's a drink named after you, you know!', the zombie replied 'Really? a drink named Kevin?'
2.2.What is the most dangerous plant to encounter in the morning... An A.M. Bush!
2.2.Why do giant eagles love attacking little implings... because they're imp-peckable
2.2.How do you get a bar full of dwarves up on the roof?, yell "Drinks on the house!"
2.2.why are dwarves noses so big... so they can sniff out a dropped coin from a mile away
2.2.Why didn't the undead cross the road with the chicken? He didn't have the guts.
2.2.A skeleton walks into a bar... orders a beer and a mop.
2.2.Why do pilgrims flock to the Order of Roses out west? It has a great knight life.
2.2.Why does the royal court get wet? The king is reigning.
2.2.Why did the monarch visit the physician? Because his back was a-king
2.2.What's the difference between an elf and a half-elf? One swing of my axe!
2.3.Two Dwarves walked into a tavern, the third dwarf ducked
2.3.I don't like the king's newly minted gold coins. But I guess I just hate all change
2.3.Whats the difference between a halfling and a bench, a bench can support a family
2.3.what do you call a knight who is too afraid to fight, sir render
2.3.How did the dwarf beat the sea monster? By Kraken his knuckles!
2.3.what do you call a knight who is encircled by enemies, sir rounded
2.3.It's not that I don't like Kobolds I just can't finish a whole one
2.3.Why should you never ask a dwarf to pay for drinks? Because he's always a little short.
2.3.Knock Knock, who's there, two dwarves on each others shoulders
2.3.Dwarves are stupid
2.3.Why did the royal guards do a change over? It was time to start the knight shift.
2.3.The royal bank let me get a loan to pay for my exorcism. If I don't pay it back, I'm going to get repossessed!
2.3.Care to spare a gold coin for the gnomes? Nah, sorry, I'm a little short!
2.3.I just broke up with my 10 foot girlfriend, I can't believe it's all ogre
2.3.This small green man broke into my pantry and started eating all my rations, He was a gobblin'!
2.3.What do you call someone who loves magical beasts? A grif-fan
2.3.An adventuring party walks into a bar and the bartender says "Welcome folks, can I get you anything?" The party lead says "Sure, so long as you don't have any mimics in here", The bartender laughs, the party laughs, the table laughs
2.3.Why do barbarians do so much damage, because it's all the rage
2.3.Why did the necromancer kill everyone in the tavern? he wanted to raise the bar!
2.3.I found a wizard who specialised in making potions and summoning genies, I asked him for some Djinn and Tonics.
2.3.Did you hear about the bard who thought he was a harp, he was a pathalogical lyre!
2.3.What's funnier than seeing a dead goblin?, Two dead goblins!
2.4.I have a beast-hunter friend called Dr'ah, the other day I saw him walking down the street, I said Hi Dr'ah, but he drew his sword and dived into the water nearby
2.4.How do you know if the throne is flat? the drool comes out of BOTH sides of the king's mouth
2.4.How do you know if the stage is flat? the drool comes out of BOTH sides of the bard's mouth
2.4.My mother-in-law says that all demons come from a gate buried deep in the south. I always wondered where she was from!
2.4.How often do knights wear their armour... Knightly
2.4.My friend and I went to the musician's guild to hear a three hour-long goblin drum solo. Mid way through I said "Let's make this interesting." We walked out
2.4.Why do the common people think the king's steak is made of gold? Because the chef says you like it rare!
2.4.How do you find a royal heir? Why, you simply follow his foot prince!
2.4.What do sea monsters eat for dinner? Fish and ships
2.4.A great wizard was asked by a northern lord what he thought of Northern Civilization. The great wizard replied, "Ahhh yes, that would be a very good idea."
2.4.A human woman comes home to find her human husband in bed with a female halfling. She screams at him "You said you wouldn't cheat on me anymore!" to which he replies "I know... can't you see I'm trying to cut down?"
2.4.Why do dwarven bards sound better by candlelight? You can shove the wax in your ears.
2.4.How many Halflings does it take to light a candle? You mean you'd trust a halfling with your candle?
2.4.Where did the vampire bite the travelling performer group? right in the juggler
2.4.I convinced a pirate captain to crash his ship into a huge dock, he crumbled under pier pressure.
2.4.Did you hear about the monk who killed 75% of the workers at the tavern, he left them with a quarterstaff
2.5.Why did the necromancer kill his depressed allies? He wanted to raise their spirits
2.5.What do you call a dragon after he eats a group of adventurers? A party pooper
2.5.Did you hear about the golem that was made just for friendly conversation... it was a social construct
2.5.Wildermen sometimes fight naked, though given what the cold does to their genitals they look more like wilderwomen
2.5.An elf, a man and a dwarf order an ale, there is a fly in each ale and when the elf notices he pours out his ale in disgust, the man picks the fly out and drinks the ale, and the dwarf picks the fly out, holds it over the glass and shouts 'spit it out you little blight'
2.5.A blind elf walks into a bar, sits down and says "do you want to hear a dwarf joke", a voice beside him growls, "before you tell a dwarf know that the bartender is a dwarf, the guard is a dwarf, I am a dwarf and my two companions are dwarves, do you still want to tell your joke" the blind elf thinks for a moment and then replies, "not if I have to explain it five times"
2.5.Why should you avoid crossbowmen? It's wise to avoid Quarrels!
2.5.Who give the best love bites? Neck-Romancers!
2.5.What do vampires do with their dead corpses... burn them on a Vam-pyre!
1.1.If ugly were a crime the entire orcish race would have rotted in the dungeons long ago
1.1.An Orc walks into a bar, 4 hours later he gets inside.
1.1.What's funnier than a pile of dead orcs? Two piles of dead orcs!
1.1.Why do orcs have trouble making friends with non-orcs? because they're too Orc'ward
1.2.I wouldn't bother telling an orc a joke, they're too dumb to know you're joking
1.2.An orc, a barbarian and a blood thirsty savage entered a bar...and that's just the first person!
1.3.What do you call an orc with half a brain... gifted
1.3.Two Orc hunters were riding along the road to go bear hunting. They came upon a fork in the road where a sign read "BEAR LEFT" so they went home.
1.4.How do orcs name their children, they throw them down the stairs and see what noise they make
1.4.In a battle of wits an orc is unarmed
1.5.How many gnomes do you need to paint a room... one if you throw him really hard
1.5.An orc walks in to a tavern with a parrot on his shoulder, impressed by such a strange sight the tavernkeep says "an incredible beast, can he talk?" to which the parrot responds "barely"
3.1.You will invite him into your house, yet you know him not, once you get to know him, this thing he will no longer be.A Stranger
3.1.You tie these things before you go, and untie them after you stop.Shoes
3.1.You seek it out when your hunger's ripe, it sits on four legs and smokes a pipe.Stove
3.1.You see me oft in woods and town, with my roots above I must grow down.Icicle
3.1.You see it about in field and town it cannot get up, but will fall down.Rain
3.1.You must keep this thing, its loss will affect your brothers, for once yours is lost it will be soon lost by others.Temper
3.1.You hear it speak, for it has a hard tongue, but it cannot breathe, for it has not a lung.Bell
3.1.You can spin, wheel and twist, but it can turn without moving.Milk
3.1.You can see it in winter, never in summer, even though it is as light as a feather, the mightiest man cannot hold it for long.Breath
3.1.You can count on them though some would rather curse them, you can speak dear to them, though we know it's in vain.Dice
3.1.With this one thing alone, you will have defeated even the strongest foe.Victory
3.1.A precious gift, this, Yet it has no end or beginning, And in the middle, nothing.A Ring
3.1.A shimmering field that reaches far Yet it has no tracks, And is crossed without paths.The Ocean
3.1.A barrel of rainwater weighs twenty pounds, What must you add to make it weigh fifteen?.A Hole
3.1.I am the beginning of the end and the end of time and space, I am essential to creation and I surround every place, what am I?.The letter 'e'
3.1.The chill of its death, You may soon mourn, But though it dies, It cannot be born.Fire
3.1.With sharp edged wit, and pointed poise, it can settle disputes without noise.Sword
3.2.With flashing sword and booming cry, with darkness staining land and sky, the army comes prepared to die, soldiers fall in glistening dress, as battles are joined without egress save comfort in earth's caress.Rain
3.2.Widows and orphans, parents and kin, this disturbed most by riots and war.Peace
3.2.Whoever has it is angry, Whoever loses it is angrier, whoever wins it has no more.Dispute
3.2.Who works when he plays and plays when he works.Bard
3.2.When they are caught, they are thrown away, when they escape you itch all day.Fleas
3.2.When people come for me to meet, they come to me with heavy feet, the one I hold when I get my chance, will turn and spin and start to dance.Gallows
3.2.When it is stout, people gladly tread, when it is thin, people walk in dread.Bridge
3.2.What is the thing with fingers long, That grips our deadly swords so strong.Gauntlet
3.3.When it is down, It is lower than a horse's belly, When it is up, It is higher than a horse's back.Saddle
3.3.When it comes in, From sea to shore, Twenty paces you'll see, No less, no more.Fog
3.3.What ranges far and cannot be confined, yet stays in one spot? The correct one will open this chest.Thought
3.3.What is this thing that having it, You can no longer give it away, But lacking it, for the moment at least, You can give it to those who must pay?.Death
3.3.What is it a peasant sees every day, but a king sees only rarely.Equals
3.4.What has a mare, That the cow has not.Colts
3.4.What goes with a wagon that doesn't benefit the wagon, but the wagon cannot move without.Noise
3.4.What goes down to the cellar with four legs, but comes back with eight.Mouser	
3.4.We travel much, yet prisoners are, And close confined, to boot, Yet with any horse we will keep pace, And always go on foot.Spurs
3.4.We love it more than life, We fear it more than death, The wealthy want for it, The poor have it in plenty.Nothing
3.5.We don't need wine, We don't need meat, We have sharp teeth, But cannot eat.Saws
3.5.Up and down they go, but never move.Stairs
3.5.Two legs it has, And this will confound: Only at rest, Do they touch the ground.Barrow
3.5.Two brothers wanted to race a course, To see which had the slowest horse, Since neither wanted to spur his mare, What must they do to make it fair.Trade Mares	
3.5.Twins on either side of a ridge that smells, They shall never see each other directly.Eyes	
3.5.Today he is there to trip you up, And he will torture you tomorrow, Yet he is also there to ease the pain, When you are lost in grief and sorrow.Alcohol
3.5.Though not a plant, has leaves, Though not a beast, has spine, Though many wouldn't need this thing, 'Tis more valuable than wine.Book
3.5.Though easy to spot, when allowed to plume, It is hard to see, When held in a room.Smoke
3.5.Though blind as well, Can lead the blind well.Cane
3.5.Though a tasty treat, Made in spiral towers, Rarely will it be eaten alone.Honey
3.5.This wondrous thing, though not an herb, can help comfort the weak and the dying, It can even be used to rally the troops, or make one start laughing or crying.Music
3.5.This sparkling globe can float on water, and weighs not more than a feather, Yet despite its weight ten giants could never pick it up.Bubble
3.5.This side of a wolfhound has the most hair.Outside
3.5.This old one runs forever, But never moves at all, He has not lungs, nor throat, Still, a mighty roaring call.Waterfall
3.5.This odd thing seems to get wetter, The more it dries.Towel
3.5.This marvelous thing, Though it sounds absurd, Contains all our letters, But is only a word.Alphabet
3.5.This fool has married many women, Yet he has never been married.Priest	
3.5.This great thing can be swallowed, But can also swallow us.Water
3.5.This engulfing thing, is strange indeed, The greater it grows, the less you see.Darkness
3.5.They have not lips nor tongues, Yet lead them green to the pit, And as they die you will hear, Them sputter, hiss and spit.Logs	
3.5.They go up white, but come down yellow and white.Eggs
3.5.They feel no pain, No sorrow, no greed, They have no anger, No hatred, nor need.The dead
3.5.There is a shoemaker in the dell, Makes his shoes with steel and nail, Although his goods last right well, Folks need two pair, without fail.Farrier
3.5.The wheel is steered, Despite the night, They prefer our lead, More than the light.Stars
3.5.The strongest chains will not bind it, ditch and rampart will not slow it down, A thousand soldiers cannot beat it, it can knock down trees with a single push.Wind
3.5.The one who made it, didn't want it, The one who bought it, didn't need it, The one who used it, never saw it.Coffin
3.5.The light one breaks but never falls, His brother falls but never breaks.Day Night
3.5.The language of men can be mastered, But what Kingdom's word is always pronounced wrong.Wrong	
3.2.What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a mouth but never eats.A River
3.2.What runs around a city but never moves.A Wall
3.2.Iron roof and glass walls, burns and burns and never falls.A Lantern
3.2.I have rivers without water, forests without trees, mountains without rocks and towns without houses, what am I.A Map
3.3.I have a tail, and I have a head but I have no body and I am not a snake, what am I.A Coin
3.3.What crosses the river but doesn't move.The Bridge
3.3.Six legs, Two heads, two hands, one long nose, yet he uses only four legs, wherever he goes.Horseman
3.1.Round as an apple, deep as a cup, but all of the bitter sea can't fill the thing up.Sieve
3.3.Who knows all languages.An Echo
3.4.Passed from father to son, it's importance is unquestioned, though it is used more by others.Name
3.2.Silently it stalks me, running as I run and creeping as I creep, dressed in black but gone at night, only to return with the sun.Shadow
3.1.Neck but no head, Arms but no hands, Waist but no legs.Jacket
3.2.Like dogs shouting at the moon, or the armour of a tree, a sharpy spoken command, or a vessel on the seas.Bark
3.3.Put in a pit, locked behind a steel grate, guarded all night, still it escapes.Fire
3.2.Only honest men will keep this, but only after they have given it away.Promise
3.4.No flesh outside, no blood no blood, but given time, they will walk alone.Eggs
3.1.Never resting, never still, moving silently hill to hill, it doesn't walk, run or trot, all is cool where it is not.Sunshine
3.2.Look in my face, I am somebody, Look at my back, I am nobody, what am I.Mirror
3.4.What turns everything around but does not move.A Mirror
3.4.I run through hills, I veer through mountains, I leap over rivers and crawl through the forests step out your door to find me.The Road
3.4.Stronger than steel, and older than time, they are more patient than death, and shall stand even when the stars have ceased to shine, their strength is embedded in roots buried deep, where sands and frosts of ages can never hope to reach.Mountains
3.5.Two Bodies have I, though both joined in one, the more still I stand, the quicker I run.An Hourglass
3.5.Double my number, I'm less than a score, half of my number is less than four, add one to my double when bakers are near, days of the week still greater I fear.Six
2.2.Why was the wizards leg broken, he forgot to cast it
2.1.Never trust a gnome with a bar tab, they always come up a little short
2.3.Why did the mage get lost, he was always WAND-ering around
2.2.Never believe a word you hear from giants, nothing but a bunch of very tall tales
2.3.Why are most halflings the good guys? because they don't look down on people
2.4.How many times does a dwarf laugh at a joke? three times, once when he hears it, once when it's explained to him and finally, once when he gets it
2.2.An ent challenged me to a duel the other day but never showed up, I guess he was more bark than bite