I hurt my back earlier and it's been aching all day... I hope this isn't serious
Ooh, I need a rest... Everywhere hurts
I was a lot smaller when I started here, mining does make men of us
Had a terrible day today, didn't find a single piece of ore... can you believe it
I barely found any ore today... I hope tomorrow is better for me
I only found a few pieces of ore today, I need to do better tomorrow
Nothing better to keep you going in those depths than finding a thick chunk of ore
I found quite a few pieces of ore today, it's been a good one
So much ore today, I feel lucky
My son is a minor too! That's a joke get it cause minor means young person, ah it's probably too smart of a joke for you
I found a massive chunk of ore earlier, couldn't believe my eyes!
Dropped me pickaxe on me foot earlier... almost lost a toe
I couldn't do any other kind of work, mining is it for me
My grandfather was a miner, my father was a miner and now my son will join me... a proud moment
Lots of falling rocks today, almost died... I need a pint
Well today has been a waste of time, I barely found any ore, how disappointing
A few more years of mining and I'll retire I think
I wish I owned a mine, the money they must make from this place
Do this long enough and the pickaxe becomes a part of your arm
I'd wager I could hit harder with this pickaxe than a knight with his sword you know
I wonder who'd win if an army of pickaxe wielding miners went up against an army of axe-wielding woodcutters
I broke my pickaxe... hope I don't have to pay for it out of my own pay
We almost lost a man today, falling rocks...
I hurt my thumb bad earlier, caught it on a jagged rock
I'm so lucky I picked the right spot to mine today, seen some fortuneless buggers end up with no ore
Lots of ore today, good times will be had
My arm is hurting a lot today, need to swing the pick with the other arm I think
I sometimes swipe ore from other people's piles when no one's looking, not enough to be noticeable, but enough that I will always get a good payment at the end of the day, survival of the fittest
Got hit by a falling rock earlier, not a big one mind but it still hurt
Almost had my eye poked out earlier, some fool swinging his pick too wide
Don't touch me I'm covered in dirt and ash
My wife hates my work, I always come home covered in stuff
I can barely breathe in here but what else am I going to do
Pick pick pick, sleep sleep sleep, life is good
There's not much else to do down here but mine
I'm getting too old for this, my back can't take it anymore
I had a bad day today, my back is killing me and I barely found any ore. I hope tomorrow is better
I had a great day today, finding lots of ore. I feel lucky!
I was working in the mine today when I suddenly felt a sharp pain in my back. I hope this isn't serious. I need to take a rest. My back is killing me
I was a lot smaller when I started working here. Mining has definitely made me into a man
I barely found any ore today. I'm really hoping tomorrow is a better day