I was a slave before I was in prison so I've got a unique perspective, I actually think this may be a little better.
I swear I only did half of what they accused me of, no justice in this world.
I've never been in an area filled with so many so called innocent people in my life, most of them did it.
I know I'm not the nicest person but some of my fellow imprisoned folk are scum of the earth.
Come to gawk at us have you?
I know you, you're in charge of this joint, come on, let us out!
Hey, I don't know about all of these people but if you got us out of here we'd fight for you.
I would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for that meddling Old Croll!
Hey, these other guys are liars but I'm innocent.
Free us, free us, free us, free us!
I can't believe it, rob a few orphanages and this is how they treat me, you'd think I'd burned a village down or something.
I still can't believe I got caught, I thought I was smarter than them, I knew I was...
Leave me alone, I've suffered enough.
There are more than just a few people in here I'd love to fight.
I reckon I could climb these walls I just don't want to.
Please, you've got to get me out of here.
So I killed a guard... who cares, no one likes guards anyway.
Oh... I wonder how my children are doing outside of here, poor buggers.
One last robbery... what a mistake.
I didn't mean to stab that merchant I swear!
Oh... come to take enjoyment looking at prisoners... well go ahead.
I don't want to leave this prison, I've gotten quite used to it now.
FREEDOM!
Ok so maybe I did it maybe I didn't, but please free me!
*The man just stares at you*
Help... free us all!
This is nonsense, I am here wrongly, someone get me out of here!
I DEMAND TO BE FREED, LET ME OUT OF HERE!
Freedom is something that when I had it, it meant nothing but with the perspective I've gained from here, I want to make the most of it.
One day I'll be free, I can't wait to smell the free air again.
I'm not sure if I want to be freed, I've gotten used to this place.
Please, get me out of here.
Please free us, we're innocent!
We didn't do anything wrong!
This is a travesty, we need to be set free!
Let us out, let us out!
We're not criminals, we're innocent!
You've got to believe us, we didn't do anything wrong!
Please, somebody help us!
We're innocent, we're innocent!
*The man looks at you with a crazed look in his eyes*
I was framed, I didn't do it!
I'm going to escape from here, one way or another.
You wouldn't last ten minutes in here!
I'm not a criminal!
Just because I'm in here doesn't mean I'm guilty.
I didn't do anything wrong!
Please, you've got to help me, I didn't do anything.
I'm not even sure why I'm in here, something about a riot I think.
Just you wait, when I get out of here I'm going to make you all pay!
You'll see, I'll be the one laughing in the end.