So many different kinds of scorpions, thousands I've heard
Immortal scorpions are the best!
If scorpions are wounded or injured... or half-dead, don't I repeat, don't bet on them
Armoured scorpions can take a lot more punishment usually than those without
Do not bet on cursed scorpions unless you like having less gold
Scorpion fighting is the best sport
Bet on the underdog they said... why do I listen
It's pretty easy to win here, just bet on the meanest sounding scorpion
Have you won much here? won enough for my own private band of slave soldiers
I wonder how I would do fighting these scorpions
Never bet on the common scorpion, they are weak
This is a great place to get away from the Artifact Market
Damn it, just lost 100 gold... my wives are going to kill me
Oh gods, I just lost the money that was supposed to be my scholarship for the history guild... what will I do now
I just won 50 gold, I'm rich, I can hire a soldier to follow me around and defend my good name now!
25 gold entry fee is a lot of money, but they don't draw in the biggest crowds so I understand
I can only afford to watch one or two fights per week, then I have to go home, it's almost a no brainer to put a bet on and try and make some money back
Betting here is easy, bet on the one that looks stronger... it's simple really
I think they should lower the entry fee, 25 gold per fight is expensive
Nothing better than when two big and powerful scorpions are pitted against each other, that's a fight that's worth the money
saw a fool bet on a half-dead common scorpion against a behemoth oasis scorpion the other day... I don't know what he was thinking
I reckon I could kill most of these scorpions myself... I am pretty tough
I'd never be caught dead near these scorpions if I saw one loose, that's for sure
Better here than any other gambling place
Never seen an easterner before?
I've not seen you here before? bet on the stronger scorp
I hope I win this next bet, I need the gold badly
I love a good scorpion fight in the morning, don't you?
The entry fee is too damn high!
Lots to be won here, just don't bet on a half-dead scorp haha
Keep your eye on it, watch a few fights and learn the ropes, then clean the house out with smart betting
I am saving up some money to make a big bet, seen other people do it and make themselves rich
Did you know the pit actually has a betting limit, I've seen it reached sometimes when everyone bets on the right scorp
I bet on the immortal scorpions all the time and they never disappoint.
There are so many different types of scorpions here, it's amazing!