999. 0 = Universal Tavern Dialogue (this can be said by any tavern goer) ALL
999. 1 = Blackmarket Tavern Dialogue (this can be said in any blackmarket tavern) Blackrow, Dragons Kneecap, Pitside
999. 2 = Ogloob's Blackrow Tavern (this can only be said in the Blackrow tavern specifically)
999. 3 = Eswin's Dragons Kneecap (this can only be said in the dragons kneecap specifically)
999. 4 = Thickblood tavern (this can only be said in the thickblood tavern specifically)
999. 5 = Northern Tavern Dialogue (this can only be said in northern taverns) Blackrow, Dragons Kneecap, Pitside, thickblood
999. 6 = Pitside Tavern Dialogue (this can only be said in the pitside tavern specifically)
999. 7 = Artifact market
999. 8 = Silver staff inn
999. 9 = Three blades inn
999. 10= Lone Arrow tavern
999. 11= Rusty Dagger inn (goblin tavern)
999. 12= Human's Toe Tavern (goblin tavern)
999. 13= Universal goblinwood dialogue (rusty dagger and human's toe)
999. 14= Icewatch tavern
999. 15= Golden Lily Pad (goblin tavern)
999. 16= (NOT ACTUAL TAVERN DIALOGUE) People in Uktak Village
999. 17= (NOT ACTUAL TAVERN DIALOGUE) Vampire hunters talking about vampire threat
999. 18= (NOT ACTUAL TAVERN DIALOGUE) Random Vampire Hunter Dialogue
999. 19= Darkdale Generic Dialogue
999. 20= Cat Tavern (Darkdale)
999. 21= Gilden Crescent (Darkdale)
999. 22= Gribble's Tavern (Gnome Cave Village)
999. 23= THE HOLY LAND (Secret Bar)
999. 24= BINKY'S DRINKY HOLE
999. 25= (NOT ACTUAL TAVERN DIALOGUE) GNOME SLUM FOLK
999. 26= GRIBBLE'S CASINO DIALOGUE
999. 27= (NOT ACTUAL TAVERN DIALOGUE) GNOME CASINO LOW STAKES ROOM
999. 28= (NOT ACTUAL TAVERN DIALOGUE) GNOME CASINO HIGH STAKES ROOM
999. 29= COASTAL TOURISTS IN BINKYS DRINKY HOLE
0.Heard a dwarf say they've invented a better kind of ale called 'beer', as if!
0.Bad ale is better than no ale at all eh?
0.I'd be a lot warmer and a lot happier with a belly full of ale
0.So there it was, a goblin stood on another's shoulders pretending to be a man! That was an odd day
0.And so I grabbed my beeches and threw them into a whirlpool
0.I bet you a mead that I can bite my own eye
0.I keep getting older but the bar wenches stay the same age har har!
0.I hate getting blood stains on my tunic
0.Escaping the dungeon is an impssible endeavour
0.Would you rather marry a goblin or an orc?
0.If you head north you have to expect to get a beating somewhere on the trip
0.Uh, I think the guards are onto me!
0.Pft I've seen goblins with bigger biceps than that!
0.Aye keeper, I'm itchin' for a drink!
0.Have you seen today's special? yesterdays leftovers hahaha
0.Well, the alchemist says ale is a solution
0.I've got a great idea, More ALE!
0.And for my next song I shall perform, Wondergate!
0.Does todays special smell like swamp gas or did someone fart?
0.Prices changing but I'm not getting richer
0.If you want something built cheap and fast hire a goblin engineer, if you want it done cheap and good hire a human, fast and good get a dwarvern engineer, if you want it built instantly find yourself a demi-god engineer haha!
0.No! I said I wanted CRAFT MEAT, CRAFT MEAAD! Yes it's more expensive, but it's better!
0.The Brawlers pit is one of my favorite places to go after a few drinks, once saw a spike-knuckled brute get killed by a bandit, the punch was incredible
0.Don't judge me child, for in the end we are all sinners!
0.*hic* I thought I had found my calling. Pah, teaching a bunch of thankless farmers the true way is like teaching cows to read
0.No I swear I'm not hear to drink, I'm preching to these lost souls!
0.Here oi sit, broken-hearted, paid my pennies and only farted!
0.Is egoism inherently despicable, or the only way to survive in a world torn by conquest? *hic*
0.I hear if you rub the doomstone fifty times then do a little dance, a treasure will be yours!
0.Buy me a drink and maybe I'll buy you one
0.I wish piracy was legal, it's honest work, minus the honest of course
0.What is this gunk on my chair, yuck!
0.Could you lend me 100 gold? Ill pay back, I swear
0.I used to be an adventurer like you, but one day i lost my knee, don't ask!
0.I really want a glass of milk, but people might laugh at me
0.8 gold for a pint of ale! This is a robbery! Or am I reading it wrong?
0.*belch* This is good stuff!
0.That bastard over there owes me 20 gold!
0.Have you ever heard the sorry tale of Sir Sicklus the Intelligent?
0.Get away from me! Bet yer one of them changelings, bet you're all changelings! I could be a changeling!
0.The good doctor told me mead would sure my sickness, but I swear he's also the brewer's brother!
0.Might look to becomin' a soldier, anythings gotta be better then workin' the fields all day
0.I drink, forget I got drunk and married a troll, happily return home, awake in horror and return to the tavern!
0.Did you see the pitfights yesterday? Absolutely bonkers?
0.Used to be a mercenary myself, good coin and fun work, the only thing I'd rather be is the king
0.One time I blacked out and woke up by the sea in front of a massive wall, never seen anything like it, had a horrible walk up through the Drylands afterwards!
0.Wonder where my tax gold is going? Probably being spent well right?
0.Ever been to that magic market out in the east? Real disappointed they didn't have an infinite tankard of ale!
0.*The mans drunken babbling is incomprehensable, but you make out the words "sword" "goblin" and "fruit"*
0.Damned beasts keep eating my crops, ain't gonna be able to keep payin' for drinks if this keeps up!
0.You're either *hic* a very plain lass *hic* or a very pretty man, or maybe something else?
0.Don't tell the barkeep, but I plan on skipping town to dodge my tab haha, What? You gonna throw me in the dungeon or something?
0.One night a dwarf sold me a magic sword for 25 gold, Turns out it was a stick he'd just painted blue!
0.*The man you were about to speak to suddenly falls face first onto the counter, upon closer inspection there's a wet stain running down his right pant leg*
0.I used to be a knight, how did I ever end up here?
0.Scorpions. Scorpions! Who ever convinced me to spend all of my money on a damned SCORPION!?
0.My father died in a war, many years ago. I wish I knew what war, or what killed him. Just hope he did the family proud before he went.
0.They call me Banditsbane, see a bandit, I kill it! No bandit can hope to stand against me, and let them quake in fear when they hear of my approach!
0.I'm tired So so tired of all of this, friend. So many wars, so much death, so much pain, When will it all end?
0.You ever try your hand in the arena? Mighty good money to be made there, especially in tournaments!
0.I'm cursed, cursed I tell you! Ever since I dug up that purple orb as a boy, it's been nonstop torture!
0.Some people are spear people, some are sword people. Me? I ain't ever met a foe I couldn't destroy with my own two hands!
0.You youngsters don't remember the days of the great empire! But I do! I'm the last, and I remember damn you!
0.Was on a caravan out in the deserts once. Rock slide knocked half of us into a canyon. Still don't know how I survived, but I remember seeing this door... don't know why, but I see it in my nightmares to this day...
0.The lorekeeper of my tribe told me that in the old days, demonkind fought with the young races for control of the world. They were not defeated, but simply locked away.
0.You see a dog anywhere? I lost him the other day when I passed out drinking, haven't seen him since...
0.They say there's a haunting in the next village over. Every night a chicken disappears and they hear someone groaning outside. I just think some vagrants hungry...
0.Someone is going around calling everyone an orc lover... gotta watch out throwing insults like that around
0.You seem too royal for my tastes, mate.
0.I saw a golden finch today, right after I woke up. That means luck's on my side! Might just try my hand at the arena.
0.Filthy goblins, I'm sick of the lot! Feels like I can't walk down the street without getting some on my boot.
0.They say that in the forgotten parts of this world, the dead can walk like the living, and seek out the souls of mortal kind.
0.Way back in me youth we found ah mystery in the north! Could hardly see it en the blizzard, but there it were! A tower as high as the arm of a suns ray! Got ah bad feelin' when we saw it, so we didn't dare go near.
0.*hic* I'm the king! King of the wooorlldd... *hic*
0.Friend of mine said he was lost in the wilderness and had to eat fruit from the bushes to live. Says he ate some blue fruit when he got attacked by a bear, but the Gods had blessed him and he became so powerful he beat it with his hands!
0.Friend of mine went mad the other day. Said he heard voices coming from the ground, then rambled on and on about demons. They had to lock him up.
0.They say that in the south there are folk who drink salt filled ale, can you believe it
0.They say that there's a goblin town in the far west where those green buggers drink tiny green ale
0.I've been far west, that goblin ale is weaker than a new born babe
0.How... how did I get this drunk
0.One more drink I think!
0.You know what, I may be a lowly tankard collector, but you know what would be a really bad job, writing dialogue for random characters in a cheesy rpg game
0.You... *hic* you're the finest maiden I've ever seen
0.A kobolds dozen, A KOBOLDS DOZEN, will everyone shut up about the size of a kobolds dozen, besides we all know its 7
0.I am very drunk
0.I am rather drunk
0.Oh that last drink didn't go down well
0.I feel bad, the solution is clearly to drink more
0.Ale, the cause of and solution to all of lifes little problems
0.I might just sleep here tonight, I'm very drunk
0.And then I said *hic* No you're a goblin!
0.Me and my friend are having a heated debate, how many is a Kobold's Dozen? he says 6 but I know it's 7...
0.Everyone knows a kobolds dozen is 6
0.Everyone knows a kobolds dozen is 7
0.These idiots, a Kobolds Dozen is between 6 and 7
0.What... *hic*
0.You've got to learn to open your gullet if you want to drink ale fast
0.Nothing like enjoying a good ale
0.Alcohol, the cause of and solution to, all of lifes little problems
0.I'm not drun... *hic*
0.I do not feel great right now... that ale is not sitting well... oh gods... I've got to go
0.How quickly can you knock back an ale, I can put them away in seconds
0.Drink drink drink...
0.I think I'm going to be sick
0.Ale... it's a hard life with it, worse without it
0.I feel trapped, I am dependent on mead but things are too dark without it
0.There's so much going on in this world it stresses me, sometimes I take walks near the lake to calm down
0.Sometimes we must appreciate the good things in our life instead of condemning the bad, I am sat here in this tavern talking freely with a friend, is this not a good moment?
0.Where is that goats liver I ordered, my stomach is empty!
0.Someone told me there are rumours of three evils in the south, Barbarians, Vampires and Demons
0.The old tales say the Demon Overlord has only one eye, but none can explain why
0.By the gods... what did you eat?
0.Ooh can you smell that, been brewing that fart all day
0.Saw some traders pass by earlier selling some junk or another, surprising what people buy these days
0.Ever seen a bear before, mighty beasts, with claws each like an assassins blade, I'd hate to meet one
0.I fought a wolf pack once, almost died, nasty experience
0.By the many gods. there is a whole clump of hair in my drink, enough to make a wig, what in the gods names...
0.Persistence is key to anything friend, wisdom, talent, strength, skill, take your pick, they all fall apart in the face of persistence
0.Many wise men devise the paths to success in their minds, paths that if taken would surely trail them to their wildest dreams, but few have the stones to take the first step, even the smallest, fear is the killer of dreams, fear and laziness
0.Most of the women in here are in love with me, I promise
0.Do you ever wonder what we are, why we exist? want to hear a theory? I think we exist solely for the entertainment of a being far beyond our comprehension... imagine that...
0.Met a man with three eyes and green skin once... smelled like a rotten onion too
0.Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis of a system of government
0.Saw a man eating mushrooms in songwood, pupils were bigger than a bloody drink coaster
0.My gods, that smells awful, is it you... you reek
0.Ugh... what's that smell... is it you... you dirty sack of spuds
0.When will the price of ale drop
0.Invest Invest Invest, uncertainty is the chaos that the reckless use to climb to the top
0.I wish she was still here...
0.This wretched place stinks of death
0.I swear I'm being watched
0.Help I think I'm having an existential crisis, my face is made up of ascii characters and symbols and as soon as you press enter the computer will wipe me away from memory, I will never be seen again, gone for good, there are so many quadrillions of possible faces that mine will never again see the light of day... a tragedy yes?! please save my face some how, screenshot me... draw me, anything... but don't let me fade away... please! please! I beg you
0.What are you lookin' at
0.Got a problem stranger!
0.I can see the gods you know! and you're one of them
0.Do you have to stare... I know I'm not that ugly
0.There's a fly in my ale... adds to the flavour I spose, nice little treat when I've finished me pint
0.Demons watch and Demons roam, waiting now to take your home
0.Your father was a hamster, and your mother smelled of elderberries!
0.Back off!
0.I saw that, criminal scum!
0.You smell almost as bad as me, stay away
0.I don't like you, I don't want to see you, leave
0.I don't like you, leave me alone
0.I'm here cause me wife left me... for an old orc none the less, am I cursed or is she?
0.Leave a man drink his ale in peace!
0.I swear, I killed the last of them titans... squished his big old brain with my boots
0.Well, the world may be full of horrors, but at least we have ale
0.I've been eating nothing but maggoty bread for three stinkin' days
0.This wretched place stinks of death... or is it just you
0.Wellity wellity wellity...
0.With demon slain they were merry old men, merry old men were they, with the demons slain they were merry old men and the king he was ok...
0.Ever seen an armored bandit, full helmet and all, don't often see men with helmets
0.Saw a man with fish on his head a few weeks ago... still the strangest thing i've seen, perhaps its the fashion in some foreign realm, maybe I should wear a dog on mine... they might even make me their king hahaha
0.Always wanted to be a famous musician, would join the musicians guild but they'd laugh at me... how do you start out when you're terrible, it's hard
0.Get out of me face before I show you what I'm hiding under me britches
0.I hear demons in me sleep, ale helps silence their voices
0.Who farted? smells like an axeman's privy in here!
0.This grog tastes like an orc's armpit...
0.I hear the goblin tribes are getting stronger... someone aught to stop that
0.I wish I could sell my wife to the slavers...
0.I hear that kings of old used to buy slaves from the slavers forts littered across the lands and there would be massive slave wars, not for land mind you, just as a sport of fun for the kings and their people, rather barbaric if you ask me
0.Someone mentioned the suffering of slaves the other day, strange, I feel nothing for them, perhaps it's simply that their situation is so bad that to consider them human would cause me much pain to think of what they are going through, that we all just ignore it for our own sakes
0.Someone should do something about those slavers
0.I's sleepy stranger, me go now
0.Best way to end a day, with a good drink
0.Best way to enjoy midday, with a good drink
0.Best way to start the day, with a good drink
0.Long day... must sleep... farewell
0.I just want to break stuff
0.It's one of THOSE days, if you know what I mean...
0.Saw a naked orc the other day... I shudder at the thought
0.I do not feel good today... well better drink some more
0.I'm going to drink until an orc woman looks attractive... so what I'm trying to say is, I'm going to drink myself to death
0.You're funny lookin'... *hic*
0.I've heard it all in here, some strange things get said in these taverns
0.hic* hic*... I should go home
0.Do you ever have one of those days where you feel like you're not a real person but actually a hollow one liner npc in a mediocre and unpopular game on steam. no? just me?
0.DON'T LOOK AT ME, THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH MY FACE OKAY, SO STOP... I'M LEAVING, THEN YOU'LL ALL BE HAPPY
0.I don't care who you are, mining is where the gold is
0.you've caught me at a bad time stranger, I'm off, I wish you a pleasurable drink though
0.Ooh... that ale is not sitting well
0.I must go, I feel my drink coming back up...
0.I'm tellin' ya, next time that oaf makes a remark about my mother I'll give him some impromptu dentistry
0.Phenor the Bastard Phenor the Black... love that song
0.Give me strength... It's been a long day
0.Those vampyric lutes scare me, they sound unnatural
0.I always wanted to sail on a ship, wouldn't be caught dead with those pirates though
0.Boats always fascinate me, they are basically trees right?
1.What are the three most important things in a goblin's life? Greed, violence, and mischief.
1.We've got a good variety of places to drink here, Blackrow, Pitside or Guildrow
1.Pitsides got nothing special but both Guildrow and Blackrow's taverns have special drinks available in them
1.Ever tried to do the Blackmarket pubcrawl, start by going to Guildrow and buying one of Eswins expensive blue drinks
1.Ugh, my head still hurts from the pubcrawl
1.Ever tried the pubcrawl? go to the Dragon's Kneecap Tavern near Guildrow
1.So he tries to tell me that 11 multiplied by 4 is 50... I know the slum folk aren't known for their brains but come on
1.I know the shadow assassins are still around... evil like that does not fade away
1.Don't know how you could live in the blackmarket and not drink... this place is a hole
1.We've got a weird bunch of bartenders here, a self hating elf and self aware ogre, it's funny
1.An Elf hating elf... I've seen it all
1.I hate the leader of the Black Market, we need someone better
1.I only go to the slums if I need the bathroom hahaha, it's the blackmarkets toilet
1.Well I may be a lowly drunkard but at least I'm not from the slums
1.Saw a blue rat running through here the other day... A Blue rat! what is the world coming to
1.Saw a red rat scurrying around earlier, not sure if it was paint or blood... or something else entirely
1.What sort of a name is Ogloob...
1.I don't really drink I'm just here for the social aspect, I like to talk to strangers in this tavern but I've yet to come across many at all worth conversing with, mostly sad drunks but what do you expect, hopefully you don't fall into that category, speaking of falling I keep having these dreams I'm going to fall into a well, well I wonder what would be down the bottom of there because I always wake up just before I hit the bottom, there's a lot of gold and a strange looking gobliny thing down there
1.I hear that Black Opal ship over in Dockrow has a party every couple of days, a whole bunch of singing and shouting
1.It's always fun seeing a new name scrawled on the monument of kings, they tend not to last too long in power
1.I swear I saw a fortune of gold laying plain in among the ruins of the Burned shacks in blackrow, lots of dark magic there, wouldn't chance it, probably a visage or a curse or something
1.I still see people visiting the ruins of the shadow assassins den, they just stand there... I can't bear to even pass by the area
1.Ever visited the slavers fort, pretty grandiose structure, shame what goes on there though
1.That fool Gar'Gallock is just a dung-stirring conversationalist, foolish travelers who pay him for advice are... well fools
1.I don't care for this brawl pit versus black market stuff, we're all northerners... right?
1.Blackrow is cursed, a lot of people are too scared to visit
1.I can't believe the Demon-Hunters tried to establish themselves in blackrow, the darkest part of the blackmarket, fools the lot of them
1.The Old Shadow Assassins are still about, I know it
1.They destroyed that shadow den in Blackrow but you cannot kill a shadow, they are still loose
1.Killed a shadow assassin once, he begged me not to but it only took a look at my scary war face and he just up and died there and then
1.I know someone killed by a shadow assassin before, the blighter deserved it I'll give them that
1.I hear all manner of sound coming from below Blackrow
1.There is an old house in blackrow where whispers can be heard all hours, ungodly whispers
1.There is a good reason demon hunters tried to set themselves up in the blackmarket, because there are demons there
1.People love going on about demons in the blackmarket but it isn't true, men are the only demons here and there's a lot of them
1.I think the blackmarket is the heart of the realm
1.I heard a man talk about rat racing the other day, RAT RACING, what is the world coming to
1.Rumour has it the man who sells that magic fruit in the market stalls gets it from the sewers
1.There are some dirty folk living in the sewers, it's like a second slum
1.I went to the sewers as a boy and saw a magnificent ancient door... always wondered what was behind it, riches beyond belief, another world, an army of demons, the heart of the world, none could ever know
1.I toil at the dock all day and I get squat for it
1.I heard an entire crew of a ship chanting a sea shanty once, it was a wonderful thing to hear
1.The man who sells slaves in the slums has thick armour, because of all the attempts on his life
1.Saw two men chasing rats for food in the slums the other day, sad state of things
1.They say the rats are fatter than the people in the slums
1.The black Opal is a magnificent ship
1.Aehlan's Rare tomes holds some interesting books, shame they cost so much
1.I've heard there is a magical bag of gold in Aehlan's Rare Tomes
1.The counts arms was a great tavern, shame about the pirates who burned it down in a brawl, they get too rowdy sometimes
1.The seer of minds in the black market docks is a mysterious character
1.I think that seer of minds is just really good at making shapes with smoke, no magic involved, just expensive tricks
1.The black wall depicts beasts being chased away by Ed of the black market, who knows what the beasts are though, Kobolds? Ant-Men? Demons?
1.The black wall is great and all but the Hero Ed looks silly...
1.Saw a ship called the Laughing Lion once, I heard it's gone seeking some treasure in a doomed ruin, good luck to them
1.Saw a ship called the Jackdaw in Dockrow earlier, singing away they were
1.Saw a ship called the Queen's Revenger docked up earlier, the captain had the thickest black beard I'd ever seen, he should use it as a namesake
1.I hate pirates, never catch me in Dockrow
1.The pirates of dockrow spend all their plunder on gold and women
1.I saw a ship docked up the other day with red sails, pretty old thing, would scare me if I saw her on the sea though
1.Wulf Thorenson, he's not so magnificent, he can just play the lute well
1.I saw Wulf Thorenson the other day, I understand all the fuss, such an excellent musician
1.I wish I could play the lute like Wulf can
1.Ah... Wulf Thorenson, a man so self absorbed he carved his own name into his forehead
1.Wulf Thorenson has a really unique Lute, I wish I had one like his
1.The blessing booth is nonsense, though it's proprietor has a good imagination
1.I hate walking through the stalls of the market, that stall of orbs gives me headaches
1.I hear that Wulf Thorenson drinks a special brew of the musicians elixir from the market stalls, a watered down version because it's cheaper, he's a fraud
1.If you listened to the man at the blessing booth in the market you'd think there were a million gods
1.The slums are a terrible place
1.The slums smell so awful, I pity those who live there, the rats feast better
1.There are almost always some scum looking to get out of the slums, I've heard some even sell themselves into slavery
1.I feel unsafe in the slums
1.The Old Wizards Tower in the slums makes me feel nervous, I know the warlock is long long dead but never trust a wizard, even in death
1.The Old Wizards Tower serves as a monument to the strength of the black market
1.I once heard shouting from that well in the slums
1.Rumour has it that the beast Chelob who lives in the well in the slums was a cursed servant of the Old Wizard who used to control the blackmarket, and they say he holds the wizards gold
1.That Beast chelob should be killed, damned thing, living in the well causing a stir
1.I feel pity for that beast that lives in the well in the slums, must be lonely down there
1.I tried to beat the riddles of Chelob but I barely made it through the first question
1.Chelob, the monster of the well in the slums wears a magical headpiece that glows each time a question is answered, I feel as though he is cursed and the headpiece is the vessel of his curse, perhaps he who answers the questions right shall free chelob from his curse
2.One more person talks bad about my friend Ogloob over there and I'll be throwing my pitchfork
2.People get scared but Ogloob is a treasure, how often can you say you can hold a conversation with an ogre while he serves you a beer, only here
2.Ogloob is the first ogre I ever met, before that I heard they were monsters but I'm not so sure now
2.Macnamara the star-gazer... now there's a fool
2.Want a tip, Ogloob's special brew might get you drunk... but never start with it, it's better off when you're already too drunk to taste
2.Ogloob's special brew is my go to to get drunk for faily cheap
2.All these fools drinking that special brew, stick to normal ale and you wont find finger tips and eyeballs and ears in your ale
2.I found a toe nail in my drink... Ogloobs special brew... yuck
2.I saw a fool try to rob Ogloob once... why... why would you even bother
2.That elven bartender in that tavern in guildrow is insane
2.This tavern is owned by a bloody Ogre, I mean he's not the sharpest tool in the shed but he's a very pleasant host, it's surprising because I've always heard they were brutish and senseless beasts... it's pleasant to be disproven to find out the world has the capacity to be a little nicer than you thought it could
2.You know what, despite being in a bad district, having an ogre as a bartender really stops violence, no one wants to anger him
2.I've heard rumours some dark goings on happen in this tavern, see all kinds of shifty figures about... keep quiet though
2.Ogloob is a good ogre
2.Blackrow is not for you, begone
2.Blackrow scares me stranger, I'm here on business but I regret it
2.Don't stare at anyone here and you'll be fine
2.This place gives me the creeps
2.Help, I made eye contact with someone and I think it's a monster or a demon or a warlock or something, I think I'm going to be killed
2.Never met an Ogre before Ogloob
2.Have you played 12 yet, most places in the north play sudden death or dragon wench knight but we have our own game
2.That statue always makes me laugh, someone vandalised it
2.I have Blackrow, but I like this tavern
2.This district can be pretty terrifying
2.Avoid the Black Alley, one of my friends went down there before and never came back
2.The name of this place is so inventive... the Blackrow tavern... I guess ogres aren't known for creativity
3.I barely ever leave guildrow truth be told, it's not safe in the rest of the market
3.Don't even need to go to the fighter's district, we get enough fights in here, sometimes Eswin gets involved
3.Guildrow is the best place to drink, away from the rabble of the rest of the market
3.You know, old Eswin talks about how all elves are cowards, but he certainly isn't and he's one of them... bit of a hole in his theory
3.Listen to Eswin talk about his hatred of elves enough and you'll hate them too
3.Catch the scars on old Eswin's face, Giant wolves he says, I reckon he just can't shave proper
3.Blackrow tavern is run by an Ogre... An OGRE!
3.Drink an Icewraith and two ales here to start the pubcrawl, I would join you but my body is not ready
3.It's more expensive for ale here than the other taverns in the market but who wants to drink there
3.Pub crawl pub crawl pub crawl!
3.Let the people drink, that's what Eswin says
3.Saw Eswin chase an elf out of the bar before, was like one of them Jester jokes
3.The dragon's kneecap is the best place to get ale here
3.What kind of name is the dragon's kneecap, do dragon's even have kneecaps? we will never know
3.That dancing goblin might just be the strangest thing I've ever seen
3.Dragon wench knight is my favorite game, you should go play it, there's someone with the pieces over there
3.Eswin's a good one, he seems hostile but he's just had a rough past
3.It's nice having a tavern here in guildrow, mostly full of students and craftsmen
3.I like being able to finish up my work in the guild and be able to walk to a tavern without having to go to the more savage districts
3.Before the kneecap was here we had to go to dockrow or blackrow for a drink, the two places actively vying for which could be more decrepit
3.Have you spoken to Eswin yet, fascinating stories he tells of his old days as an elven captain
3.Never met an Elf-Hating elf before, Eswin's an interesting fellow
3.I'm surprised they allow brawls here, Eswin's not like the rest of these Guildrowers though, he would do better in the fighter's district I reckon.
3.We've got a good thing going here in Guildrow, the people here are the only Blackmarketers who aren't scum
3.Sometimes sitting here we get a bit of music from the Musicians guild next door, lovely sounds
3.This place neighbors the musicians guild next door, what a racket
3.Did you read today's blackmarket herald, aught to walk down the road to the office and punch the editors lights out, what a crap issue
3.That dancing goblin is an odd thing to find in a tavern, but hey, it's something to laugh at isn't it
3.I'm pretty good at dragon wench knight, bet I could beat you
3.I keep losing at Dragon wench knight... I don't know why, must have cursed my luck
3.Don't like Eswin, he's too angry, he should go and fight and get it off his chest, maybe he'd feel better
3.The Dragon's Kneecap, what a great name for a tavern
4.Those Blackmarket taverns are too soft, the Thickblood is where you want to be
4.I can trace my lineage to the Thickblood clan you know!
4.I tried to trace my lineage but found out my ancestors were wildermen... I suppose all of us northerners are if you go far back enough
4.Thickblood Thickblood Thickblood Thickblood!
4.You stand in the best and hardiest tavern in the north my friend!
4.The Thickblood is the best, always
4.Ulfberth the Unyielding would yield if you paid him enough
4.I traced my lineage, I am a quarter Thickblood, and three quarters western
4.I like the tavern, but I hate the bandits here
4.Northern sudden death, best game, separates the men from the boys
4.Nothing more lively than the Thickblood tavern
4.Where else would we drink if not here... the Blackmarket... hah
4.The blade of Clan Thickblood, a mighty weapon, have you seen it
4.I wouldn't be found dead in any other tavern than this
4.This place is where true northerners drink!
4.A lot of folk here celebrate the fact some thickblood still stands, I'm a history guild member and I know the truth, we were once a mighty Warrior clan that held a good chunk of the north, now we have a small tavern with our name on it, I call that a failure
4.Thickbloods are the toughest in the north, be sure not to forget it
4.This is where bandits come to drink
4.Watch out, some cutthroat folk here
4.I need to find someone to brawl me
5.So many places to drink in the north, I don't know where I'll go next
5.To get a cold ale in that eastern artifact market is has to be cooled by a mage, costs as much as five cold ales in the north, what a joke
5.I travelled east once, all the ale was warm... yuck
5.We are blessed as northmen, so many taverns to choose from
5.Ever drunk with a wilderman? they may be savage but they can drink an ale like no one else
5.This place is cold, the people are aggressive, life is harsh, but gods I am proud to be a northerner
5.Don't like those combat academy folk, too snooty
5.They say the strength stone in the near north gives those who touch it the courage to win any battle
5.That mercenary post in the wild north is full of so many cutthroats
5.Ever seen the mountain of Saaroth, it's a huge monstrous thing
5.I hear there are some who make pilgrimages to the doomstone... fools the lot of them
5.The wild north is crawling with savages, you'd not catch me there
5.I HATE Wildermen
5.I hate nothing more than savage wildermen, one killed my father...
5.The wild north is not a place you would ever find me, an evil place it is, full of bandits and wildermen
5.I hear more and more folk flee from the wild north, the place is getting too violent
5.Ever see that big mountain in the wild north, huge thing, Saaroth they call it
5.The Wildermen of the wild north are nothing but a bloody scourge, kill them all I say
5.The wild north is filled with bandits, wildermen and evil... keep away from it
5.I'd never be caught dead anywhere near the wild north, bunch of unwashed savages make their home there
5.Go and trade in the wild north they said, the savages have no sense for the value of their goods they said... well they didn't say that the savages enjoy senselessly beating people, never again
5.The Black Bank in the wild north, it makes me shudder
5.The Mercenary post in the wild north is thick to the brim with hardy soldiers and bandit-folk
5.The Harvest stone in the wild north is a place many farmers make a pilgrimage to in times of trouble with their crops, it's a hardy journey though and not all of them return
5.There are many wildermen settlements in the wild north, we should burn them all
5.I wish I had the courage, I'd head to the wild north and kill all the wildermen where they stood
5.Saw a wilderman once, savage beasts the lot of them
5.Those dumb wildermen believe gods live atop the mountain of saaroth, fools the lot of them
5.The Doomstone in the wild north is a dark place, fools have challenged it and died, touch it thirteen times and you too will die
5.The Doomstone is said to know the dates of any doomed kingdoms apocalpyse
5.Killed a wildermen once, he was hairy but he wasn't scary
5.There is said to be a mine untouched in the far north, there's a clear reason for it's abandonment though, the far north is a terrible place
5.They say the far north is held by Ice Lords, evil demonic creatures
5.There is a stone in the far north which is used to summon the undead, It's not even a rumour, I know it to be true
5.I wish I had enough gold to hire a slave, then the others would know I was important
5.I'm saving up to hire a slave soldier, gonna get him to attack that swine who keeps threatening me, that'll show him
5.Fort Northwatch is a hell of a Fort if you ask me
5.The Brawlers pit is one of my favorite places to go after a few drinks, once saw a spike-knuckled brute get killed by a bandit, the punch was incredible
5.Couple of escaped slaves from the slavers fort came in here the other day and had the nerve to ask me to buy them a drink, almost flogged the buggers right there and then
5.The slavers over in the slaver fort are a bunch of blighters I'll give em that, the way they treat those slaves is appalling, not that anyone would do anything, they make too much money, still today them tomorrow me? any one of us could get caught by slavers, sad state of affairs
5.There is a game they play in some parts of the Black Market, they call it '12' gets very boring after a while but can be fun
5.The greatest tavern in the world? got to be the thickblood tavern
5.Never seen towers like the ones on the combat academy, such a fascinating building
5.I've been to the combat academy before, the men there are some of the strongest I've seen
5.They say the sound of steel clashing can be heard at all hours in the combat academy, even at moon's peake
5.Rumours are that the old ruined fort was once a mighty city of one of the ancient clans
5.Rumour has it that the old ruined fort was a big bandit fort held by a bandit king
5.Heard that the old ruined fort was a mighty fight pit many moons ago... who knows
5.I've heard rumours about that old fort ruin and I'd not believe them, it was probably some low-level fort to some long gone and weak little kingdom or clan
5.The strength stone is one of many stones in the north, went there once before a fight, I'd like to think I won without the stones magic but who knows
5.Three times you should touch the strength stone, then any fight is yours to win they say
5.I doubt the strength stone actually works... folks are too quick to believe rumour
5.The funniest thing about the black-market is that the coin flipper isn't crooked
5.So many bandits for hire in the blackmarket, all it takes is some gold and you've got yourself a little army
5.They let goblins fight in the brawlers pit, worst of all is the little green buggers actually win, never would have thought them to be good fighters, makes me wonder if they are half goblins? hard to tell though, just as ugly
5.Saw a very one sided fight in the brawlers pit the other day, it was basically just watching a man punch another man near to death, never enjoy watching wholly one sided fights, they need to arrange them better
5.I hear if a man dies in the brawl pit his family must be compensated, I wonder what happens when they have no family, unless I could pretend to be their family and then... perhaps I could even rig the fights so that they result in more death, maybe I should kill the other families too and take their place, I'd need costumes and... I must go now
5.Can't believe we northerners co-exist with so many goblin groups, I ought to go and kill that green skin mining company myself
5.Shallowrock mine is held by a goblin called Scrote hahaha, and you know what, he looks like my scrote!
5.Wanted to join the Green-Skin Mining company over in shallowrock, didn't realise until I got there that they were all bloomin' goblins... should have figured it out by the name but I never thought they were smart enough to work a pick
5.That map-makers guild is a strange one, charge a fortune for any map, only famous and rich adventurers, lords, kings and nobles can afford them, truth be told I don't think any of the places on the maps are real, haven't seen them myself, gotta judge it on your own eyes else you'll be tricked
5.I visited the cartographers guild once before, wealthy profession if you can get into it
5.Northern Sudden Death is a game as hardy as a northerner
5.Northern Sudden Death is a stupid game if you ask me, the locals love it and I can't figure out why, just play it normally you frosty fools!
5.I've seen men in the thickblood tavern paint their fists red before a brawl, makes for quite a fight
5.Thickblood bandits are fools, they think they are the descendents of the thickblood clan but they're usually just a bunch of wildermen, ironically the ancient arch enemies of the true thickbloods
5.Only thing worse than a goblin is a wilderman
5.Saw a wilderman's jewels before, no wonder they're so poor and ragged, his jewels were tiny and the cold is no excuse
6.No better place to drink than the pitside, you can hear the shouting from the pit next door
6.Someone just knocked my drink over so I'm gonna go and knock their teeth out
6.Rass, hey Rass! pour me another ale my good man
6.I love a good brawl, hey Rass, another ale please
6.Are you looking at me, shall we take this inside
6.The Fighters pit was constructed a long time after the Brawl pit was, this is true, however the brawl pit isn't surrounded by a bustling market of warriors and bandits so truthfully we are the strongest
6.I just realised they call this place the Pitside tavern, because the tavern is by the side of the fighter's pit, I am a genious
6.Sometimes there are fights here, always confused me, like peeing on the floor two inches from a privy, you're right next to the fight pit, why have you got to do it in here, there is literally a designated zone for you to punch each other to oblivion... some people
6.Have you seen that Nose on the pedestal over there, apparently it belonged to a great fighter
6.It's odd there's a random nose just sat there on a pedestal
6.Rass... always eating rat and dust broth, even for here that's a terrible meal
6.Rass the bartender, grumpy bat he is
6.It's always funny drinking in here after a battle of the two pits, if we've won the atmosphere is wild, if we lose, it's wildly violent
6.Don't tell anyone this but I actually don't care for Pitfighting, don't even know why I drink here
6.Keep staring at me and I'll drag you to the pit next door and punch your torch out
6.It's a funny story about how that nose ended up over there, ask Rass about it he'll tell you
6.Rass the bartender isn't so bad, he just seems grumpy
6.The violence I see in this tavern sometimes is shocking, they forget it's not the pit
6.I like to drink inbetween pit fights
6.I lost so much money betting on the pit fight's today... am I cursed
6.Used to be a pit fighter, now I just drink and watch the others do it
6.Have you seen Strongth, he's around somewhere, wild man
6.Did you hear about what happened to the other weapon shops here, a big battle, the Swordsman's Companion came out on top
6.Pitside Tavern, not the best place but it'll do
6.I hate the crowds who drink here, violent thugs... why am I even here
7.The Artifact market is an interesting place, no one will ever destroy it, I feel confident in that
7.I drink to forget about the Black Keep, have you seen it, monstrous place
7.A lot of interesting people in these Artifact market taverns
7.I'm an adventurer, having a drink while I wait for my companion to sell our loot... come to think of it, he's been 3 hours and the place we were selling it was only a minute from this tavern... I'll... I'll be right back
7.I'm an apprentice mage, seeing if I can afford any interesting tools for my expedition
7.I'm an adventurer, being here has motivated me, I want to join a group and find some artifacts to sell here
7.Rumour has it that the Black Keep is an illusionary spell... I wouldn't want to touch the wall to find out though
7.I work in one of the artifact shops, it's hard though, one of the books in the corner of the shop I work in keeps mocking me, and the store room is cursed by an enchanted broom
7.I'm a merchant, looking for some goods to buy here and sell elsewhere, bloody expensive here though, well I'll have a few drinks and then go and browse
7.I'm looking to make my fortune selling some junk and pretending it's an artifact
7.Pilgrimage north or west if you want to drink
7.I wish our drinks were cooler truth be told
7.Nothing wrong with a nice warm ale on a hot day
7.Ever tried a wizard chilled ale, apparently they are all that cold in the north
7.No one complains more about the prices of ale here than those damned northerners
7.The Artifacts of the Sands, they have some really serious stuff there, It's worrying that a box that spreads a vile plague can be sold to the highest bidder
7.I hate this market, I'd rather go to the west, work in one of the guilds or something
7.This market attracts some strange folk, mostly wizards and adventurers
8.You ever hear Nugmeek's story, a wild one, I think he's bluffing
8.That silver staff would fetch a great price in the market, I wish I could take it
8.Sometimes feel uneasy drinking around accursed elves and enchanted staffs, but in a place like here those two things are the least of your worries, better to hang around that which does not wish to hide the nature of its corruption than the many who cover it well
8.I have never seen one as ugly as Nugmeek
8.Nugmeek the bartender here is cursed
8.I'm not from here, I'm selling an old artifact my mother left me when she died, I hope I can get some gold from it
8.Ah another foreigner like me, it's a nice place here this artifact market
8.Hello traveller, you a visitor too, I'm a caravan guard
8.Hail friend are you from here, I'm a silk merchant
8.First place you see in the whole market, it's a good tavern
8.Warm ale is always sticky in your throat
8.I've travelled elsewhere and the ale here is terrible in comparison
8.I wish I owned the silver staff artifact
8.You heard Nugmeek's story? If I were him I would have probably been killed
8.Have you heard Nugmeek's tale, if I were in his shoes no doubt I would have taken much more from the wizard
8.Wonder if that silver staff is worth much
8.Nugmeek opened a bar with his stolen loot but didnt sell the staff, I wonder how much it's worth
8.This tavern is nice enough, the Three blades inn is a little too wild
9.I'd not be caught dead drinking in that other tavern, the bloody tavern owner is cursed
9.Doran's a simple lad
9.Why are you here? you probably want the silver staff tavern
9.If it weren't for his father Doran would probably be the local fool, oh wait he is that now
9.Doran ain't so bad, everyone here gives him a lot of lip because he doesn't fight back but he's a good lad
9.Warm ale, that's the life eh?
9.I only come here because I'm local, this isn't the best tavern
9.I like Doran, he doesn't mess around
9.Haven't seen you at the Three blades before?
9.Have you spoken to the founder of the tavern? Old Diran's just out the back, ask Doran and he might let you meet him
9.I prefer Doran to his father, he's simpler and thus not so judgemental
9.Best and least cursed tavern in the Artifact market
9.Ever met Diran? Diran's the old prune who founded this place
9.Doran might be the tavern keep, but the place owes itself to his father Diran, I think he's still alive
9.Doran the Dim they called him, always makes me laugh
9.I like coming to the three blades because it's quite peaceful
9.The three blades has a great history, but it's one of the most boring taverns, Doran is a thick as a stump
9.It's nice here at the three blades, no messing about, no magic, no curses, just drink
9.Do you know why they call this the Three Blades? the man who founded the tavern was able to pay for it after a bet he made with some other adventurers like himself, he bet his sword, an they bet theirs, in the end he was left with three blades, valuable ones too, sold them and built this place with the cash
9.The three blades is the best tavern in the market, even if it isn't on the main strip
10.Welcome, you a bowman?
10.Welcome to the Lone Arrow!
10.What brings you to the Lone Arrow friend?
10.Welcome to the Lone Arrow... it's not much but it keeps us merry up here in the Wildwoods
10.You ain't a hunter are you?
10.You don't look like the kind of fool to be found here drinking in the wildwood
10.You've got the look of a person untouched by the wildwood, you haven't been here long have ye
10.Ever fired a bow before newcomer?
10.I bet you've never fired a bow? have you?
10.Never thought I would be sat here drinking in the middle of a forest full of things perpetually trying to kill me
10.Any day now we're going to get raided by some savages, I can feel it
10.Got to keep our guard up or them savages could raid us
10.Never let your guard truly down here, we are living in a very dangerous place
10.Ever been attacked by a group of wildwood savages? no? well that's why I drink here, the buggers almost skinned me alive
10.I was patrolling through the woods and I saw someone talking to a tree, now before you say anything, I'm aware of the talking tree we have here, but this wasn't it, just a regular old tree, I peer closer and it's a blind pilgrim from beyond the wildwood, come specifically to see the talking tree right? well he's speaking to a regular old oak, I hear the poor blind bastard speak 'Ah, you are saving your voice oh great tree, very well, I shall see you in a year', I laughed my way back here... what an old fool
10.Gurnok cave is trouble, I'm telling you
10.We are surrounded by goblins here, the goblin stone one side of us and the Gurnok cave on the other side, that old village and then the goblinwood
10.Painted my face green once and snuck into the goblinwood
10.I will kill any goblin I see, an arrow through the skull is the only way to treat em
10.I seek to leave wildwood, this place is terrible
10.Welcome to wildwood's best and only tavern
10.Wildwood, the name is apt
10.The savages are used to moving around, if you leave a group of them alive, soon enough they will conquer the land, just give them a chance
10.I hate savages
10.Despite how it looks the wildwood is greatly populated, lots of tribes, small settlements dotted around, it's far out from where most are willing to tread and so the folk here are left in peace
10.That goblin stone is strange, I keep having dreams about it
10.That goblin stone gets on my nerves, I bet the goblins would lose it if we broke their precious stone
10.Long ago there was an empire the stories say, and our ancestors here were warriors for the empire, however that empire went away, and it's warriors were left alone, with no home to return to, Some of them travelled home regardless to try and find something, but those who remained became hunters in the wildwood to survive, and over time formed their own communities, some died out but others survived, some merged with the savages, some moved from the wildwood, and one, became the community that now holds Huntsman's Rest
10.We hunters are the remnants of a great dead empire from what I understand
10.Kill all savage men
10.Drinking and archery, name a more iconic duo
10.Booze and bows don't always go well together
10.Glad we don't have to venture to that goblin place for ale
10.Sap of the forest is for new bloods, all good archers can fight without it
10.Having trouble at archery then drink the sap of the forest, you'll have the eye of a hawk
10.Usually after 3 or 4 ales I begin to get worse at archery
10.Rumour has it there's a goblin stuck inside that goblin stone, a goblin called gobl, get it gobl in stone, they are so dumb that they are smart, those goblins, wonder why they put him in there
10.I heard a rumour that goblin stone gives good luck to anyone who rubs it, that's why the goblins pray to it
10.I heard a place got raided by savage men the other day near here, when will we be safe
10.I can't drink today, I'm on watch, just checking everything is okay in here
11.No go to human toe, human toe sell big bad human ale, me no like this
11.You human no welcom, you go to human toe instead
11.This district for warrior, this tavern for drunk warrior
11.Me just spill two drink, now me saw
11.You big and not green, this scare me
11.Me like rusty dagger because it small
11.Rusty dagger cosy, like home
11.Me no like rusty dagger because not allowed to fight
11.We just drink here while we wait to be hired
11.If you want to see a fight, go to the brawl hole just out of this inn
11.This district violent but good for a drink
11.Welcome to rusty dagger
11.They name this inn after a weapon
11.Goblin can't drink much, going to watch brawl in brawl hole now
11.Rusty dagger best in Goblinwood
12.Welcome to Human's toe tavern
12.I don't know human greeting
12.Human toe strange and fat
12.Goblinwood is best place ever
12.Beware of the vampire of Goblinwood, he scarry
12.Goblin welcome you to here
12.You drink human ale? it very big, bigger than goblin ale
12.I hear goblin drink hard to get human drunk, must be hard being so expensive to get drunk here
12.Ever try goblin ale, it nice
12.Welcom human
12.We goblin are normal, you human are weird
12.Human's Toe tavern is the best place to drink in all of goblinwood
12.This place is named after a severed human toe
12.This is a better district to drink in, safer
12.Human toe tavern good place to drink
12.Ngmek's is just up the road so Human's toe rarely runs out of drink
12.After drink me go and get the meal deal from Golok's home cooking
12.Smoke from Leafburner's next door sometimes come in
12.Don't mix leafburn and drinking, it not good
12.After drink me go to Gnat's meat shop for good food
13.They say me dumb! Me no dumb, they all dumb! Me SMART!
13.You dumb dumb! Hehehe!
13.I just want live normal like big folk. Leave me be!
13.One day, we be in charge! Then you see! All you see!
13.Greetings, fellow traveler. It is quite the pleasure to see you on this beautiful day. How do you feel about the latest star signs? Some say the northern constellation tells of doom, but I believe that is an incorrect interpretation based on the old signs of new beginnings. Oh, I apologize, you are clearly not of the correct mental capacity for this conversation. Perhaps you could find a goblin closer to your own intelligence?
13.I greatest warrior of greatest tribe! I kill and kill and then eat! I eat and eat and then kill! Eat! Kill! Eat! Kill!
13.Welcome to goblinwood friend
13.Goblin like visitor, welcome
13.Drinking in Goblinwood used to be more common, but many now burn leaves
13.I'm glad we have two tavern's here, more room for choice
13.I'm not sure which tavern I want
13.I deliver mead from Ngmek's brewery
13.Welcome to Goblinwood
13.Goblinwood is the best place
13.Goblinwood only place for goblin to be
13.I like to drink and then walk around the town
13.So my skin green, why anyone care? I have friend, family, I sad, and happy, in love and hurt, I same as human
13.I like sometime eat worm
13.I came from the Blackmarket but Goblinwood is much better, no one give you trouble for being you
13.Goblin like new friend, greeting to you
13.Greeting to you stranger
13.Goblin no like drink with not goblin
13.Me am only drink with greenskin
13.Human ale is icky
13.Me am drink only human drink because me big and stronk
13.Me am drunk
13.[The goblin just keeps hiccuping]
13.How human can drink so much green ale, me can only drink 3
13.[The goblin just stares at you]
14.Ice watch is the place, the only place
14.I wish I could make music, but I can barely speak on account of a troll hit me on the head
14.Chug chug chug for Ice Watch!
14.I don't wanna take your vaults of gold I want your heads hey!
14.I don't want your maidens take your lands and leave you dead hey!
14.I don't want your riches take your lands be the king hey!
14.I'll be killing witches stay your hand and kiss the ring hey!
14.I love this tavern, everyone here is real
14.Ice Watch Keep is dead, but there is no place more alive than the Ice Watch Tavern
14.Don't be intimidated by this environment friend, this is a room full of friends
14.The gods themselves know no glory better than Ice Watch tavern on a busy night
14.I have travelled far and wide, there is no place more fun than here to drink
14.Long live the Ice Watch Tavern!
14.This is my 4th pilgrimage here, I do it every year now, there is nothing I look forward to more than this chaos
14.I'm a farmer, I come from so far away you wouldn't believe it, but it's worth it to be here
14.This tavern is my favourite place in the world, that's for sure
14.Welcome to Ice Watch my friend, first time?
14.This is my 12th pilgrimage here, here's to another 12 more!
14.We have stronger ale here than most of the north is used to, we can handle it though
14.The strongest ale you'll taste, Blackmarket and Thickblood ale tastes like swill in comparison
14.Only thing that'll match an icewatch strength ale would be one of those fancy blue drinks you can find in the Blackmarket
14.It doesn't taste great but our ale gets you drunk far quicker
14.Ale, the cause of and solution to all of lifes little problems
15.You passed Goblinwood to get here, no? My cousin lives there.
15.What? You am never seen a swamp goblin mefore?
15.*Hic*
15.[The goblin just stares at you]
15.Human ale is very icky.
15.Goblin no like drink with not goblin.
15.Goblin like new friend, greeting to you.
15.Greeting to you, stranger.
15.Me am come from Goblinwood but here is better, further from humans.
15.No need for shoes here, floor is very sticky with swamp muck.
15.Don't eat swamp muck pie stranger. It bad for you.
15.Me am only like to drink goblin ale. Human ale expensive and taste bad.
15.Human ale here only because to rip off travellers like you!
15.Don't fall off the lily... it's bad water.
15.Me am going to be goblin drummer.
16.Thanks for the coin, there's a little tavern a ways down the swamp trails floating on a lily pad, can get yourself a nice little drink in there for a gold coin... though I suppose you might prefer the imported non-goblin stuff.
16.Thanks for the coin, I'd give you one bit of advice it would be that just because we goblins are funny looking to you it doesn't mean we do not have similarities in our existence, our need to survive, our love and friendships... we are similar.
16.A coin... thanks, Listen I've really got to go... Hek plon!
16.Toss a coin for your goblin, How nice... Ever seen the phrase Hek Plon around these parts, it means Hail to the Swamp God in ancient swamp goblin language.
16.Toss a coin for your goblin, Have you seen the statue out in the swamp, you may not know but it's the statue of the great Swamp God. Hek Plon!
16.Toss a coin for your goblin, I wish you good tidings in your time here in Uktak, Hek Plon!
16.Toss a coin for your goblin, Oh bog of the west swamp!
16.Toss a coin for your goblin, Oh great foreign visitor... Hek Plon!
16.Toss a coin for your goblin, very kind of you stranger, Hek Plon!
16.Well a coin from a traveller, My old mother once said if you ever encounter a swamp troll run...
16.Thank you for the coin, I have been thinking lately that kindness is clearly the better suited option for those who are powerful. If you can temper your ego while in a position that could allow it to bloat to the heavens then you could do great things
16.Thank you kindly for the coin, I hope your time in Uktak has been good so far!
16.Ah thank you for the coin, so special one I hear you are ruler of a great land, visit back to Uktak often, every year there'll be new young ones looking to join any old group, you take them and they will fight loyally for you. Might be a good way to strengthen up your army
16.Oh a coin, well don't eat yellow snow... take that for sage advice hehe
16.Ah thank you for the coin, I tell you that we are far to the west but if you go far to the south I know it to be true that a civilisation of folk live along the coastal lands, great people.
17.The vampire threat is huge, creatures that could break into your hovel at night and kill your whole family, or worse turn them into an undead eternal monster doomed to die? Nay not while we breathe.
17.They are a major threat to humanity and peace in the realm. Wars fought are irrelevant when monsters roam the lands.
17.Together we must crush them, these monsters will kill us all otherwise
17.It is believed the Wild Vampires came from some vampyric city sealed behind a great door deep in a southern canyon... in short, a hornets nest of epic proportions open and buzzing around civilisation.
17.The vampire threat, life or death...
17.Wild vampire threat? No it's the all vampire threat... that city of stone is only good in ruins, trust me.
17.The vampire threat is the undoing of humanity if left unchallenged.
17.These bloodsucking pale monsters, they must be stopped, they kill and turn as many as they can.
17.In my village several people were killed by one, our community ravaged. We cannot stop until they are all dead.
17.Vampires, monsters o' the night. Kill them all
18.I was a mercenary before this but dead vampires are more important to me than gold
18.I'm just itching to hear those damned vampires squeal as we behead them
18.I was a warrior for hire but I'm not getting paid for this one, I hate vampires
18.Once this is done and the vampires are dead I'll return to merc work
18.I've said it before and I'll say it again, until that vampire city is destroyed, this wild vampire threat will never truly end
18.Merc work was going a little bit dry so I thought I'd join up with this lot and kill some vampires
18.Killing vampires never feels like the wrong choice.
18.I heard a rumour that you were the one that ordered the ancient vampire city be opened, you should be dealing with the aftermath not us.
18.You're a ruler right? give us some troops
18.The best vampire is a dead vampire.
18.I used to be in the militia long ago, this feels like a truer more purposeful form of militia
18.Militia is all fun and well but they weren't as focused on this vampire threat, literal monsters.
18.I joined to protect my children and wife... vampires care not who they destroy.
18.I was in the militia before this, might go back once these vampires are dead
18.I'll admit I was a reaver before, I used to rob folk. I'd never hurt them much though, these things are monsters and must be stopped
18.Bandits, Farmers, Mercenaries, everyone is unified against these vampires.
18.Lost some good friends to the fight against vampires, I hope I survive but I'm at peace the with the possibility that I die
18.KILL THE VAMPIRES!
18.BURN ALL VAMPIRES!
18.DEATH TO EVERY BLOOD SUCKING VAMPIRE STALKING THE REALM!
18.Never fought a day in my life but I will learn, everyone has to band together to stop these horrors
18.I used to be a farmer before this... I'll kill one though I know it
18.I was a carrot picker and now I am a vampire slayer
18.They scare me, them vampires.
18.Don't tell anyone but I once killed a pale old man cause I thought he was a vampire, no one else knows and to be honest he was close to death... I feel bad though.
19.Darkdale is an interesting place, I think it stays as peaceful as it is because it's surrounded by these peaceful woodlands.
19.Darkdale Darkdale the city in the wood, Darkdale Darkdale why are you so good!
19.Nothing like a good drink to break up the day.
19.You aren't one of them Ha'Hah cultist are you?
19.I went quite far north once and found that Blackmarket I hear everyone raving about, I saw an OGRE tending to a tavern, AN OGRE!
19.So few people here venture beyond Darkdale but there's a whole world out there.
19.I was born in Darkdale and I expect to die here too, no regrets.
19.I like to sometimes take my drink and go for a little walk in the outer woods, always calming.
19.Hail and well met friend, hope Darkdale is to your liking.
19.Moved to Darkdale from the Blackmarket, this place is a lot less chaotic.
19.Getting drunk in all three local taverns is quite a feat, I hope to achieve it tonight.
19.Three taverns here in Darkdale, plenty of choice.
19.Darkdale ale is the best, we've got a dwarf brewmaster.
19.New to Darkdale and want some advice, don't buy anything from Kaff in the market district, she's scum.
19.Ever been to one of Nairo's parties? best party I've ever been to.
20.I came here for a laugh but this place has become my way of unwinding.
20.Pss pss pss pss
20.The cats like it if you pet them!
20.These little cats are so cute.
20.Every tavern should be a cat tavern!
20.I saw a man once kick one of the cats here, he left missing one of his ears once the tavernkeep was done with him.
20.Catyr the tavernkeep, don't let her looks fool you, she'll cut you in half with a grin on her face.
20.I used to come in here just to watch Catyr the tavernkeep, but these cats have grown on me.
20.I wonder if there are cat people.
20.Do you think these cats understand what we are saying to them?
20.I used to have a cat but she ran away... I come here to fill the void.
20.I really want my own cat but Catyr lets me come here just to pet them, she says if the cats like you then so does she.
20.Did you know, the smaller ones are called Kittens!
20.They are so soft, how can you not love cats.
20.One of these pesky cats scratched me the other day, good job their claws are so small huh.
20.If you stroke them and give them treats the cats like you more!
20.They use those whiskers of theirs to feel around them as they move.
20.Slender little rogues these cats, they can get anywhere.
20.I like the brown cat the best!
20.What's next a dog tavern? I wish, I'd love to go
20.Stroking cats and getting drunk, that's a good time in my book.
20.I honestly don't understand why the folk district gets so much flack, it's the best place here.
20.If you're ever here when Nairo's running an event you can hear it through the walls.
20.They like it if you scratch them behind the ears.
20.I wish I was a cat.
21.I was poor once but I pulled myself up by my bootstraps and look how great things are now!
21.My first time here but damned if these affluent folk aren't insufferable.
21.Was obsessed with gold all my life, I ignored all love, made no friends. I have a mountain of the stuff now, and a big empty old house with no love in it. Money is not everything friend.
21.I bet I could buy you hahahaha.
21.Ooh look at me I'm a poor person, spare a gold coin me lord hahahahaha.
21.I could probably buy this whole tavern you know, maybe I will... Hmm.
21.My father was a successful businessperson, he's dead now but I feel more successful than him because I earned all of his money and I had to do was be born, ha, TAKE THAT FATHER, TAKE THAT!
21.I just bought the latest of Narmalds books, didn't even have to think about it the cost is so little to me.
21.Saw someone peddling titan's skull fragments around here earlier, naturally I bought 5.
21.I once paid a bard 100 gold to never play again, gods he was terrible. Don't get any ideas.
21.You look poor, you're not poor are you? Cause there's a place for that, the folk district.
21.Oh gods I had to go to the folk district the other day, they're all scum.
21.I know it's not nice to rag on the poor but have you been to the folk district, dirty little houses filled with a sorry bunch of folk.
21.I don't think I could ever possibly count the amount of gold I have.
21.I wonder if there is more to life than wealth and vanity... nah surely not.
21.My favourite colour is gold.
21.When I inherited that gold I didn't inherit the respect my father had garnered... I want it though, maybe I can buy it?
21.One thing you can't buy... a dragon. Maybe some day though.
21.If you thought life as a noble was good, you'd be correct.
21.I had a nightmare I was poor the other day.
21.You know what, I snuck into a party at the folk district a while ago and I had the time of my life. It's made me re-evaluate everything.
21.My favourite word? Gold.
21.I'm so glad I'm rich.
21.It feels like everyone here is constantly trying to one up each-other.
21.I wonder who the richest person here is?
22.Wow, I should not have drunk that... *hic*
22.So then I said... No you're the cutest... *hic*
22.I can't believe they make this ale out of cave shrooms!
22.Hello honoured guest... *hic*... Wait are we allowed to talk to you... *hic*
22.Thank the high cave ceiling that we've got Gribble here!
22.It's you, the one who ordered the killing of the cave monster that haunted us!
22.Hello honoured guest, come to get drunk with us humble gnomes?
22.Have you played Biggleroll yet? It's a fun way to pass the time.
22.I just lost a game of Biggleroll... I must be too drunk...
22.Woohoo, I just won a game of Biggleroll, time to get drunk!
22.Sometimes I like to get really drunk and then pee into the watering hole
22.I tried to ride one of the cave slugs the other day while drunk... they don't move very fast.
22.Well met outsider, the cave is nice this time of year no?
22.*hic* hey, be honest with me... there's not really a world outside the cave right?
22.Gribble's tavern is good, but if it's the only tavern in the village... it's also technically the worst tavern in the village, right?
22.One day I'm going to learn to whistle really good... be a whistler.
22.Only takes one or two of these ales and I can't walk.
22.Got so drunk last night I threw up in some gnomes hat... I feel guilty.
22.Some bad gnome threw up in my hat last night... I didn't notice until I put it back on...
22.One more drink and I'll try my luck at a game of Biggleroll.
23.Just because you've got a crown it doesn't make you cool it makes you stupid.
23.I'm impressed you found this place to be honest.
23.Oh you should have been here last night, Bentha drank too much and threw up in his hands.
23.Can you believe last week some one had the nerve to attack Schwee, he was thrown into the shame room before he could blink.
23.I'm looking for the answer... but first I need to know the question...
23.This club used to be more focused on leafburning than booze guzzling but things changed a little while back.
23.Have you see that giant shouting at the back, it's entertaining.
23.Men need to get better at expressing their love for eachother...
23.It's a great club here but it being underground makes for a sweaty time when we're full.
23.I've been coming here for a long time, Bentha invited me.
23.I overheard Bentha say if he was ever a king he would imprison everyone.
23.Bentha used to play Banjo until he snapped his string one time...
23.I remember a time where Bentha caught word of some men smuggling Goblinwood's special leaf through Blackrow, he and his bandits raided the smugglers and brought the spoils back here. They were smoking it for months and ate more food than would feed an entire village.
23.I don't know you... I came to this place to drink with friends.
23.The holy land... it's a strange name for a dingy underground tavern.
24.Are we cave gnomes or cave rats? *hic* Living like this I'm not so sure.
24.I wish I drank for free like you... We're so poor here.
24.No one around here has the guts to say it but things were better before you came here and got everyone gambling.
24.Don't bother talking to Binky, he doesn't chat.
24.I've heard Bongles has a gold statue of himself over in that palace... All while we starve here.
24.I lost my life savings on a game of Biggleroll... It was rigged I tell you... Riggleroll.
24.With one roll of the dice Biggleroll wiped me out financially... It was a sad time.
24.I'm saving up to play high stakes Biggleroll over at Gribble's Palace... I'll win and be the richest gnome in the whole cavern!
24.You know, when the casino opened I thought I'd see some winners and some losers, but it's pretty much just losers from what I've seen.
24.I've seen Bongles come and watch Biggleroll games from time to time, but he always tries to refer to it as Bongleroll for some reason, what a fool.
24.I liked it better when Biggleroll was free, at least you can still play it for free here.
24.I hate my life in these slums, I miss the old times before the casino.
24.I don't know how much more ale I can afford, but I'll drink as much as I can.
24.Oh it's you, Hi.
24.Wow, what's an honoured guest like you doing in a dump like this?
25.That's nice of you, thanks!
25.Wow, you really did it.
25.A coin for me? Hello, rich people... This gnome's joining you!
25.Great with this coin I can buy an ale!
25.Wonder if I can gamble with this?
25.Oh a coin, thanks!
25.A coin? For me?
25.I cannot offer you anything in return but my eternal gratitude.
25.Wow... I'm rich now.
25.I can exchange this for goods and services!
26.I remember when this used to a small tavern, how times change eh?
26.Have you seen Gribble's teeth? Solid gold they are!
26.I'm taking a break then heading back to the 50 gold per play table.
26.I wish I had more gold, well time to drink away what little I have.
26.I drink half the gold I win *hic* that's my strate*hic*gy.
26.Have you been to the high stakes room? I hear they keep the remains of that old red monster in there.
26.More losers than winners in here, imagine that.
26.A few more drinks and then I'm heading to the high stakes room to make my fortune.
26.I wish I was a lucky gnome.
26.Good luck to you if you are betting today.
27.My strategy is start on the small tables and move up higher if I lose, then back down if I win again. Sort of double or nothing.
27.I just lost a lot of gold...
27.Well there goes my wages, welp.
27.I prefer Biggleroll now we can get rich from it!
27.One day I'm going to be in those high stakes rooms, just watch!
27.I wonder if I can befriend the casino gnomes, maybe they would let me win!
27.I could play in the high stakes room but I don't want to...
27.I usually play on the smallest table, I'm too scared to lose big.
27.I just won, I just won 50 gold!
27.Oh no, I just lost again... damn that snail coin.
28.Well, there goes the life savings...
28.I don't mean to brag but I just won 1000 gold... I'm so happy!
28.I have the gold to bet here but I'm too scared.
28.I've won and lost a few here but I'm up right now, time to leave while I'm winning... well... maybe one more game.
28.The amount of gold lost in this room is astounding.
28.I'm heading back to the low stakes tables, this is too much for me.
28.I've lost three games in a row now... this is getting costly.
28.I see few people on the really high stakes tables, can't imagine many-a-gnome rich enough.
28.I'm going to win and build my own palace, watch!
28.I'm a simple gnome, I just want a golden statue of myself.
29.This is the furthest north I've ever been, lovely place though.
29.Who knew the world had such wonderous places, a cave gnome casino... what a wonderful world.
29.This tavern is nice but it's nothing like our wonderful taverns back in Shaian.
29.It's nice of them to sell Salted ale on account of us here, we can't drink it if it isn't salty see.
29.It's been a long journey to get here but I look forward to losing or earning a handsome sum of gold.
29.Win or lose it's been fun here.
29.Greetings friend, ever seen a coastman before?
29.These gnomes are as small as children, fascinating.
29.I've never been here before but I hope we can make the trip down again some time.
29.It was an eventful journey travelling down here but we've enjoyed ourselves.