0.Life in a village... oh how it is so fun
0.I wish I lived in a city, villages are too small
0.I hate how gossipy villages are
0.It's a simple life here but it's worth it
0.I wish I could leave this village
0.It's a simple life here
0.It's a simple life here and sometimes it gets boring
0.Hello, welcome... I must go now
0.I can't stop, us villagers have work to do
0.I think village life keeps you pure, those born in bigger places seem to have cloudier minds and less wisdom
0.I wish I lived somewhere other than a village
0.Villages are much more peaceful than towns, but there's a whole lot less to do in them
1.Smallhaven is an interesting place
1.Smallhaven has a really self-explanatory name, I love it
1.It's so peaceful here in Smallhaven
1.I don't think I will ever leave Smallhaven
1.Smallhaven's got a great tavern, the Ox Head, you should check it out
1.Smallhaven is a good place to live out your days
1.I love our little red roof tiles, no where else has them like Smallhaven
1.We maintain our roof tiles more than we maintain our health, but at least they look nice
1.Smallhaven really is a great place to live
1.I'm banned from the Ox Head, dont ask why, but I wouldn't cross the owner so I won't be back
1.The owner of the Ox Head is a little scary
1.Welcome to Smallhaven!
1.Nothing to do here but drink at the Ox Head
1.I work at the trade post, we're always looking for new routes. If you don't have one set up come and speak to us
1.There's always folk looking for a better life than Smallhaven
1.I wish I could work at the Ox Head tavern, most interesting job I reckon
1.One day I'll be the champion of Smallhaven, you watch
1.I'm the best fighter in Smallhaven, no one can beat me
1.I'm the best thief in Smallhaven, no one can catch me
1.I'm the best liar in Smallhaven, no one can catch me
1.No one knows what goes on in the mind of the owner of the Ox Head, not even his wife
1.I think the owner of the Ox Head is a vampire
1.I hope you enjoy your stay here in Smallhaven
2.Have you spoken to the old storyteller? lovely man
2.We grow redweed here, only thing that grows in these harsh climates but it works
2.I wish we could grow more than that bitter redweed plant
2.If we didn't have the storyteller around here I think the children of the village would be going mad
2.Truth be told stranger, life in Rihhm is as good as you make it
2.Welcome to Rihhm
2.Ah, hello, welcome to Rihhm
2.Our name is pronounced like 'him' with an 'R' in front
2.I do not like living in the east, I've heard of a place to the west that is completely peaceful
2.I feel like it's a matter of time before we are all killed here
2.I feel unsafe in Rihhm, these deserts are too harsh for humble village folk
2.I don't enjoy the village life but I'm terrified of the Artifact market so there's not really anywhere else to go
2.Have you spoken to Arsam the All-Knowing yet, he's holed up next to the old sandsdtone ruins north of here, such a wise man
2.Speak to our elder if you have any questions stranger
2.I'd love to travel beyond Rihhm, but truthfully what else would I do
2.I wonder what lies beyond the Farrad desert?
2.I wish there was more to do here in Rihhm, I'm bored
2.I help keep our hovels in tact here, luckily Rihhm is surrounded by sand which can be used to repair the cracks
2.We don't get many visitors here in Rihhm, what brings you here?
2.Hail traveller, welcome to Rihhm
2.Snail racing is the only thing that keeps me entertained in this dead old village
2.I love snail racing, I never seem to make much money though
2.Snail racing is the best sport in the land, it's also the only sport I know
2.Do you have snail racing where you are from or is it just us
2.Snail racing is so fun! you should watch the next race
2.I'm no local, just come here for the snail racing
2.If it weren't for snail racing this place would be terrible
2.The snail racing circuit every 3 years here is one of my favourite events!
2.Hello traveller, welcome to Rihhm
2.Rihhm, what a strange little place
2.Have you ever seen a snail race? It's quite a sight
2.I'm not sure what you're looking for, but you won't find it in Rihhm
2.I'm not from around here, just stopped by for the snail races
2.Welcome to Rihhm, the strangest village in all the land
2.I'm not sure what's out there beyond the village, I've heard stories of giant sandworms and terrible beasts
3.You're the one that fixed up them farmlands, what an improvement
3.Hey, on behalf of us all here you really saved this village by doing what you did to our farms
3.It's the saviour, the farm builder!
3.You are the most honoured guest of Rihhm
3.Thank you farm giver!
3.We have so much Redweed now thanks to you
3.Never thought a ruler would just pop along from some foreign land and build our farmlands up to such a magnificent level, we are truly blessed here in Rihhm
3.Rihhm will never be the same again thanks to you
3.You have truly saved this village with your help
3.Hello great giver of farmland
3.You have done so much for us, we can never thank you enough
3.You have given us new hope!
4.Welcome to our humble village, honoured guest!
4.It's you, yay!
4.Wow, a real life big person!
4.Nice to meet you honoured guest!
4.Have you played Biggleroll yet? you might like it.
4.If you've got a strong stomach you might want to check out the insult pits
4.Wow, you're big for a gnome.
4.Do you like my hat?
4.Not often we see outsiders here... not ever actually!
4.You're the one who gets to drink for free at Gribble's, what an honour.
4.Do you like slug meat? It's all we eat here.
4.Our hats are made from dried slug flesh.
4.I wonder where the water from the watering hole comes from.
4.Beyond the cave is scary.
4.I wish I was taller.
4.I lost a gnome insult battle recently, I still have nightmares about it.
4.Gribble the bartender wrote you a song, he's been telling everyone about it.
4.Hello!
4.Hi honoured guest!
4.Well if it isn't the honoured guest!
4.You're the biggest person I've ever seen!
4.We don't get many visitors here.
4.I once saw a giant spider, it was terrifying!
4.You should meet my friend, Bob. He's a rock.
4.I bet you could crush a goblin with one hand!
5.Ah honoured guest, come to see our great cave palaces?
5.You can bet in the Battle Pits now, it's great!
5.Our hats are made from dried slug flesh.
5.Avoid the Backslums where you can, not a happy place.
5.A happy gnome is a drunk gnome, am I right?
5.I'll die before I stop calling it Biggleroll and start calling it Bongleroll.
5.It's seems gold is very in right now, Bongles has a great gold statue of himself and Gribble... solid gold teeth.
5.For every rich gnome there are ten gnomes who are as poor as dirt... someone should fix that.
5.Come to see our great casino?
5.I'd bet we're the only place in the world where you can bet on things, how special.
5.I think things were better before we turned into a casino.
5.All I want to do is win enough money playing Biggleroll to buy my own palace.
5.Hello honoured guest!
5.That big red beast you had killed is on display in Gribble's Palace, you should see his face!
5.Do you like my hat?
5.I'm going to make a hat out of your skin!
5.I'm going to go make my fortune in the casino and buy my own palace.
5.I'm not sure what's going on half the time, I just know there's gambling and that's all that matters.
666.I AM JUST A TEST
666.0 IS GENERIC, 1 IS SMALLHAVEN, 2 is Rihhm, 3 is Rihhm farms improved, 4 is cave gnome village, 5 is cave gnome village casino